DROP DATABASE IF EXISTS whiz_db;

CREATE DATABASE whiz_db;

USE whiz_db;

CREATE TABLE Stream (
	stream_id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
	stream_name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	PRIMARY KEY(stream_id)
);

INSERT INTO Stream(stream_name) VALUES('Arts');
INSERT INTO Stream(stream_name) VALUES('Commerce');
INSERT INTO Stream(stream_name) VALUES('Biological Science');
INSERT INTO Stream(stream_name) VALUES('Physical Science (Maths)');
INSERT INTO Stream(stream_name) VALUES('Engineering Technology');
INSERT INTO Stream(stream_name) VALUES('Biosystems Technology(BST)');
INSERT INTO Stream(stream_name) VALUES('Other');

CREATE TABLE GovernmentCourse (
  gov_course_id INT NOT NULL,
  gov_course_name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
  stream_id INT,
  PRIMARY KEY(gov_course_id),
  FOREIGN KEY(stream_id) REFERENCES Stream(stream_id)
);

INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (001, 'Medicine', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (002, 'Dental Surgery', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (003, 'Veterinary Science', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (004, 'Agriculture', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (005, 'Food Science & Nutrition', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (006, 'Biological Science', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (007, 'Applied Sciences(Biological Science)', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (008, 'Engineering', 4);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (009, 'Engineering(EM)', 4);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (010, 'Engineering(TM)', 4);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (011, 'Quantity Surveying', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (012, 'Computer Science', 4);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (013, 'Physical Science', 4);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (014, 'Surveying Science', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (015, 'Applied Sciences(Physical Science)', 4);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (016, 'Management', 2);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (017, 'Estate Management & Valuation', 2);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (018, 'Commerce', 2);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (019, 'Arts', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (020, 'Arts(SP) - Mass Media', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (041, 'Arts(SP) - Performing Arts', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (021, 'Arts(SAB)', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (022, 'Management Studies(TV)', 2);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (023, 'Architecture', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (024, 'Design', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (025, 'Law', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (026, 'Information Technology(IT)', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (027, 'Management and Information Technology(MIT)', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (028, 'Management(Public) Special', 2);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (029, 'Communication Studies', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (030, 'Town & Country Planning', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (031, 'Peace and Conflict Resolution', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (032, 'Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (033, 'Unani Medicine and Surgery', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (034, 'Fashion Design & Product Development', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (035, 'Food Science & Technology', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (036, 'Siddha Medicine & Surgery', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (037, 'Nursing', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (038, 'Information and Communication Technology(ICT)', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (039, 'Agricultural Technology & Management', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (050, 'Health Promotion', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (051, 'Pharmacy', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (052, 'Medical Laboratory Sciences', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (053, 'Radiography', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (054, 'Physiotherapy', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (055, 'Environmental Conversation & Management', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (056, 'Facilities Management', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (057, 'Transport & Logistics Management', 4);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (058, 'Molecular Biology & Biochemistry', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (059, 'Industrial Statistics & Mathematical Finance', 4);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (060, 'Statistics & Operations Research', 4);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (061, 'Computation & Management', 2);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (062, 'Fisheries & Marine Sciences', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (063, 'Islamic Studies', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (064, 'Science and Technology', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (065, 'Computer Science & Technology', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (066, 'Entrepreneuship & Management', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (067, 'Animal Science', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (068, 'Music', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (069, 'Dance', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (070, 'Art & Design', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (071, 'Drama & Theatre', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (072, 'Visual & Technological Arts', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (073, 'Export Agriculture', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (074, 'Tea Technology & Value Addition', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (075, 'Industrial Information Technology', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (076, 'Mineral Resources and Technology', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (077, 'Business Information Systems(Special)(BIS)', 2);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (079, 'Management and Information Technology(SEUSL)', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (080, 'Computing & Information Systems', 2);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (081, 'Physical Education', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (082, 'Sports Science & Management', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (083, 'Speech ad Hearing Sciences', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (084, 'Arabic Language', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (085, 'Visual Arts', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (086, 'Animal Science & Fisheries', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (087, 'Food Production & Technology Management', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (088, 'Aquatic Resources Technology', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (089, 'Palm and Latex Technology & Value Addition', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (090, 'Hospitiality, Tourism and Events Management', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (091, 'Information Technology & Management', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (092, 'Tourism & Hospitality Management', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (093, 'Agricultural Resource Management & Technology', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (094, 'Agribusiness Management', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (095, 'Green Technology', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (096, 'Information Systems', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (097, 'Landscape Architecture', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (098, 'Translation Studies', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (099, 'Software Engineering', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (100, 'Film & Television Studies', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (101, 'Project Management', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (102, 'Engineering Technology(ET)', 5);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (103, 'Biosystems Technology(BST)', 6);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (104, 'Information Communication Technology', 6);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (105, 'Teaching English as a Second Language(TESL)', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (106, 'Marine and Freshwater Sciences', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (107, 'Food Business Management', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (108, 'Physical Science - ICT', 4);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (109, 'Business Science', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (110, 'Financial Engineering', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (111, 'Geographical Information Science', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (112, 'Social Work', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (113, 'Financial Mathematics and Industrial Statistics', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (114, 'Human Resource Development', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (115, 'Arts - Information Technology', 1);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (116, 'Accounting Information Systems', 2);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (117, 'Ocuupational Therapy', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (118, 'Optometry', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (119, 'Applied Chemistry', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (120, 'Indigenous Medicinal Resources', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (121, 'Aquatic Bioresources', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (122, 'Urban Bioresources', 3);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (123, 'Computing & Information Systems', 4);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (124, 'Artificial Intelligence', 4);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (125, 'Electronics and Computer Science', 4);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (126, 'Health Information and Communication Technology', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (127, 'Health Tourism and Hospitality Management', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (128, 'Biomedical Technology', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (129, 'Indigenous Pharmaceutical Technology', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (130, 'Yoga and Parapsychology', 7);
INSERT INTO GovernmentCourse VALUES (131, 'Social studeis in Indigenous Knowledge', 7);

CREATE TABLE GovermentUniversity (
  gov_uni_id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  uni_name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
  description VARCHAR(255), 
  world_rank INT, 
  student_amount INT,
  graduate_job_rate INT,
  logo  VARCHAR(255),
  bg_img  VARCHAR(255),
  PRIMARY KEY(gov_uni_id)
); 


INSERT INTO `GovermentUniversity` (`gov_uni_id`, `uni_name`, `description`, `world_rank`, `student_amount`, `graduate_job_rate`, `logo`, `bg_img`) VALUES
(1, 'University of Colombo', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'university_of_colombo_logo.png', 'university_of_colombo_bg.jpg'),
(2, 'University of Peradeniya', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'university_of_peradeniya_logo.png', 'university_of_peradeniya_bg.jpg'),
(3, 'University of Sri Jayawardenepura', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'university_of_sri_jayaawardhanapura_logo.png', 'university_of_sri_jayaawardhanapura_bg.jpg'),
(4, 'University of Kelaniya', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'university_of_kelaniya_logo.png', 'university_of_kelaniya_bg.jpg'),
(5, 'University of Moratuwa', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'university_of_moratuwa_logo.png', 'university_of_moratuwa_bg.jpg'),
(6, 'University of Jaffna', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'university_of_jaffna_logo.png', 'university_of_jaffna_bg.png'),
(7, 'University of Ruhuna', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'university_of_ruhuna_logo.png', 'university_of_ruhuna_bg.jpg'),
(8, 'Eastern University, Sri Lanka', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'esatern_university_logo.png', 'esatern_university_bg.jpg'),
(9, 'South Eastern University of Sri Lanka ', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'south_esatern_university_logo.png', 'south_esatern_university_bg.jpg'),
(10, 'Rajarata University of Sri Lanka ', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'rajarata_university_logo.png', 'rajarata_university_bg.jpg'),
(11, 'Sabaragamuwa University of Sri Lanka', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'sabaragamuwa_university_logo.png', 'sabaragamuwa_university_bg.jpg'),
(12, 'Wayamba University of Sri Lanka', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'wayamba_university_logo.png', 'wayamba_university_logo.jpg'),
(13, 'Uva Wellassa University of Sri Lanka', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'uva_wellassa_university_logo.png', 'uva_wellassa_university_bg.jpg'),
(14, 'University of the Visual & Performing Arts', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'university_of_the_visual_&_performing_arts.png', 'university_of_the_visual_&_performing_arts_bg.jpg'),
(15, 'Sripalee Campus, University of Colombo', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'sri_palee_campus_logo.png', 'sri_palee_campus_bg.jpg'),
(16, 'Trincomalee Campus, Eastern University, Sri Lanka', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'trincomalee_campus_logo.png', 'trincomalee_campus_bg.jpg'),
(17, 'Vavuniya Campus, University of Jaffna', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'vavuniya_campus_logo.png', 'vavuniya_campus_logo.jpg'),
(18, 'Institute of Indigenous Medicine, University of Colombo', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'institute_of_indigenous_medicine_logo.png', 'institute_of_ndigenous_medicine_bg.jpg'),
(19, 'Gampaha Wickramaarachchi Ayurveda Institute, University of Colombo', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'gampaha_wickramarachchi_university_of_indigenous_medicine_logo.png', 'gampaha_wickramarachchi_university_of_indigenous_medicine_bg.jpg'),
(20, 'University of Colombo School of Computing', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'university_of_colombo_school_of_computing_logo.png', 'university_of_colombo_school_of_computing_bg.jpg'),
(21, 'Swami Vipulananda Institure of Aesthetic Studies, Eastern University, Sri Lanka', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'swami_vipulananda_institure_of_aesthetic_studies_logo.png', 'swami_vipulananda_institure_of_aesthetic_studies_bg.jpg'),
(22, 'Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts, University of Jaffna', NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 'ramanathan_academy_of_fine_arts_logo.png', 'ramanathan_academy_of_fine_arts_bg.jpg');


CREATE TABLE GovernmentCourseOfferedByGovermentUniversity (
  id  INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  gov_course_id INT NOT NULL,
  gov_uni_id INT NOT NULL,
  purposed_intake INT NOT NULL,
  duration INT,
  description LONGTEXT,
  unicode VARCHAR(10),
  PRIMARY KEY(id),
  FOREIGN KEY(gov_course_id) REFERENCES GovernmentCourse(gov_course_id),
  FOREIGN KEY(gov_uni_id) REFERENCES GovermentUniversity(gov_uni_id)
);

-- data inserted using admin panel

INSERT INTO `GovernmentCourseOfferedByGovermentUniversity` (`id`, `gov_course_id`, `gov_uni_id`, `purposed_intake`, `duration`, `description`, `unicode`) VALUES
(1, 19, 1, 6985, 4, ' To be eligible for admission to a course of study in Arts, candidates must have obtained at least ‘S’ grades for three subjects considered.  As there are many subjects in the Arts stream for the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, subjects are classified under four baskets.  Students should have obtained passes in three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination from the following baskets. Basket 01- Social Sciences / Applied Social Studies: 1. Economics 2. Geography 3. History 4. Home Economics 5. Agricultural Science / Mathematics / Combined Mathematics 6. Communication & Media Studies 7. Information & Communication Technology 8. Accounting / Business Statistics 9. Political Science 10. Logic & Scientific Method 11. One subject from Technological Subjects :  Civil Technology  Electrical, Electronic and Information Technology  Agro Technology  Mechanical Technology  Food Technology  Bio-Resource Technology Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 01:  Students should select at least one subject from this basket.  Students can also select all three subjects only from basket 01. There are three exceptions to this rule. These are; 1. Students selecting three National Languages; Sinhala, Tamil and English from the basket 04 (Language Basket) as the three subjects, need not to select any subject from basket 01. 2. Students selecting a combination of National and Classical languages need not to select any subject from basket 01.National Languages are; Sinhala Tamil English Classical Languages are; Arabic Pali Sanskrit For example, students can select three subjects like Sinhala, Pali and Sanskrit etc. These students need not to select any subject from basket 01. However, no candidate can select three classical languages as three subjects. They can select a maximum of two classical languages only. 3. Students selecting two languages from the basket 04 and the third subject from Religions and Civilizations or Aesthetic subject classified under basket 02 and 03 given below need not to select any subject from basket 01. Basket 02 - Religions and Civilizations: 1. Buddhism 2. Hinduism 3. Christianity 4. Islam 5. Buddhist Civilization 6. Hindu Civilization 7. Christian Civilization 8. Islamic Civilization 9. Greek & Roman Civilization Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 02:  A candidate can select maximum of two subjects from the basket 02.  However, if a religion (Eg: Buddhism) is selected as a subject, the related civilization of the selected religion (Eg: Buddhist Civilization) cannot be offered as another subject from this basket. Basket 03- Aesthetic Studies: Aesthetic subjects consists of four subject areas. These are; 1. Art 2. Dancing 3. Music 4. Drama & Theatre This can be further sub-classified as; 1. Art 2. Dancing a. Sinhala b. Baratha3. Music a. Oriental b. Carnatic c. Western 4.Drama & Theatre a. Sinhala b. Tamil c. English Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 03:  Students can select two subjects out of above four subject areas. However, no student is allowed to select the two subjects from one subject area. Basket 04 - Languages: The language basket has three subject areas. These are;  National Languages  Classical Languages  Foreign Languages National Languages are:  Sinhala  Tamil  English Classical Languages are:  Arabic  Pali  Sanskrit Foreign Languages are:  Chinese  French  German  Hindi  Japanese  Malay  Russian Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 04:  Students are allowed to select a maximum of two subjects from this basket. For example, when selecting the three subjects, students can select Chinese and French from basket 04 and the other subject from another basket.', '019A'),
(2, 19, 4, 6985, 4, ' To be eligible for admission to a course of study in Arts, candidates must have obtained at least ‘S’ grades for three subjects considered.  As there are many subjects in the Arts stream for the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, subjects are classified under four baskets.  Students should have obtained passes in three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination from the following baskets. Basket 01- Social Sciences / Applied Social Studies: 1. Economics 2. Geography 3. History 4. Home Economics 5. Agricultural Science / Mathematics / Combined Mathematics 6. Communication & Media Studies 7. Information & Communication Technology 8. Accounting / Business Statistics 9. Political Science 10. Logic & Scientific Method 11. One subject from Technological Subjects :  Civil Technology  Electrical, Electronic and Information Technology  Agro Technology  Mechanical Technology  Food Technology  Bio-Resource Technology Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 01:  Students should select at least one subject from this basket.  Students can also select all three subjects only from basket 01. There are three exceptions to this rule. These are; 1. Students selecting three National Languages; Sinhala, Tamil and English from the basket 04 (Language Basket) as the three subjects, need not to select any subject from basket 01. 2. Students selecting a combination of National and Classical languages need not to select any subject from basket 01.National Languages are; Sinhala Tamil English Classical Languages are; Arabic Pali Sanskrit For example, students can select three subjects like Sinhala, Pali and Sanskrit etc. These students need not to select any subject from basket 01. However, no candidate can select three classical languages as three subjects. They can select a maximum of two classical languages only. 3. Students selecting two languages from the basket 04 and the third subject from Religions and Civilizations or Aesthetic subject classified under basket 02 and 03 given below need not to select any subject from basket 01. Basket 02 - Religions and Civilizations: 1. Buddhism 2. Hinduism 3. Christianity 4. Islam 5. Buddhist Civilization 6. Hindu Civilization 7. Christian Civilization 8. Islamic Civilization 9. Greek & Roman Civilization Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 02:  A candidate can select maximum of two subjects from the basket 02.  However, if a religion (Eg: Buddhism) is selected as a subject, the related civilization of the selected religion (Eg: Buddhist Civilization) cannot be offered as another subject from this basket. Basket 03- Aesthetic Studies: Aesthetic subjects consists of four subject areas. These are; 1. Art 2. Dancing 3. Music 4. Drama & Theatre This can be further sub-classified as; 1. Art 2. Dancing a. Sinhala b. Baratha3. Music a. Oriental b. Carnatic c. Western 4.Drama & Theatre a. Sinhala b. Tamil c. English Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 03:  Students can select two subjects out of above four subject areas. However, no student is allowed to select the two subjects from one subject area. Basket 04 - Languages: The language basket has three subject areas. These are;  National Languages  Classical Languages  Foreign Languages National Languages are:  Sinhala  Tamil  English Classical Languages are:  Arabic  Pali  Sanskrit Foreign Languages are:  Chinese  French  German  Hindi  Japanese  Malay  Russian Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 04:  Students are allowed to select a maximum of two subjects from this basket. For example, when selecting the three subjects, students can select Chinese and French from basket 04 and the other subject from another basket.', '019D'),
(3, 19, 3, 6985, 4, ' To be eligible for admission to a course of study in Arts, candidates must have obtained at least ‘S’ grades for three subjects considered.  As there are many subjects in the Arts stream for the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, subjects are classified under four baskets.  Students should have obtained passes in three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination from the following baskets. Basket 01- Social Sciences / Applied Social Studies: 1. Economics 2. Geography 3. History 4. Home Economics 5. Agricultural Science / Mathematics / Combined Mathematics 6. Communication & Media Studies 7. Information & Communication Technology 8. Accounting / Business Statistics 9. Political Science 10. Logic & Scientific Method 11. One subject from Technological Subjects :  Civil Technology  Electrical, Electronic and Information Technology  Agro Technology  Mechanical Technology  Food Technology  Bio-Resource Technology Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 01:  Students should select at least one subject from this basket.  Students can also select all three subjects only from basket 01. There are three exceptions to this rule. These are; 1. Students selecting three National Languages; Sinhala, Tamil and English from the basket 04 (Language Basket) as the three subjects, need not to select any subject from basket 01. 2. Students selecting a combination of National and Classical languages need not to select any subject from basket 01.National Languages are; Sinhala Tamil English Classical Languages are; Arabic Pali Sanskrit For example, students can select three subjects like Sinhala, Pali and Sanskrit etc. These students need not to select any subject from basket 01. However, no candidate can select three classical languages as three subjects. They can select a maximum of two classical languages only. 3. Students selecting two languages from the basket 04 and the third subject from Religions and Civilizations or Aesthetic subject classified under basket 02 and 03 given below need not to select any subject from basket 01. Basket 02 - Religions and Civilizations: 1. Buddhism 2. Hinduism 3. Christianity 4. Islam 5. Buddhist Civilization 6. Hindu Civilization 7. Christian Civilization 8. Islamic Civilization 9. Greek & Roman Civilization Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 02:  A candidate can select maximum of two subjects from the basket 02.  However, if a religion (Eg: Buddhism) is selected as a subject, the related civilization of the selected religion (Eg: Buddhist Civilization) cannot be offered as another subject from this basket. Basket 03- Aesthetic Studies: Aesthetic subjects consists of four subject areas. These are; 1. Art 2. Dancing 3. Music 4. Drama & Theatre This can be further sub-classified as; 1. Art 2. Dancing a. Sinhala b. Baratha3. Music a. Oriental b. Carnatic c. Western 4.Drama & Theatre a. Sinhala b. Tamil c. English Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 03:  Students can select two subjects out of above four subject areas. However, no student is allowed to select the two subjects from one subject area. Basket 04 - Languages: The language basket has three subject areas. These are;  National Languages  Classical Languages  Foreign Languages National Languages are:  Sinhala  Tamil  English Classical Languages are:  Arabic  Pali  Sanskrit Foreign Languages are:  Chinese  French  German  Hindi  Japanese  Malay  Russian Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 04:  Students are allowed to select a maximum of two subjects from this basket. For example, when selecting the three subjects, students can select Chinese and French from basket 04 and the other subject from another basket.', '019C'),
(4, 19, 7, 6985, 4, ' To be eligible for admission to a course of study in Arts, candidates must have obtained at least ‘S’ grades for three subjects considered.  As there are many subjects in the Arts stream for the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, subjects are classified under four baskets.  Students should have obtained passes in three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination from the following baskets. Basket 01- Social Sciences / Applied Social Studies: 1. Economics 2. Geography 3. History 4. Home Economics 5. Agricultural Science / Mathematics / Combined Mathematics 6. Communication & Media Studies 7. Information & Communication Technology 8. Accounting / Business Statistics 9. Political Science 10. Logic & Scientific Method 11. One subject from Technological Subjects :  Civil Technology  Electrical, Electronic and Information Technology  Agro Technology  Mechanical Technology  Food Technology  Bio-Resource Technology Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 01:  Students should select at least one subject from this basket.  Students can also select all three subjects only from basket 01. There are three exceptions to this rule. These are; 1. Students selecting three National Languages; Sinhala, Tamil and English from the basket 04 (Language Basket) as the three subjects, need not to select any subject from basket 01. 2. Students selecting a combination of National and Classical languages need not to select any subject from basket 01.National Languages are; Sinhala Tamil English Classical Languages are; Arabic Pali Sanskrit For example, students can select three subjects like Sinhala, Pali and Sanskrit etc. These students need not to select any subject from basket 01. However, no candidate can select three classical languages as three subjects. They can select a maximum of two classical languages only. 3. Students selecting two languages from the basket 04 and the third subject from Religions and Civilizations or Aesthetic subject classified under basket 02 and 03 given below need not to select any subject from basket 01. Basket 02 - Religions and Civilizations: 1. Buddhism 2. Hinduism 3. Christianity 4. Islam 5. Buddhist Civilization 6. Hindu Civilization 7. Christian Civilization 8. Islamic Civilization 9. Greek & Roman Civilization Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 02:  A candidate can select maximum of two subjects from the basket 02.  However, if a religion (Eg: Buddhism) is selected as a subject, the related civilization of the selected religion (Eg: Buddhist Civilization) cannot be offered as another subject from this basket. Basket 03- Aesthetic Studies: Aesthetic subjects consists of four subject areas. These are; 1. Art 2. Dancing 3. Music 4. Drama & Theatre This can be further sub-classified as; 1. Art 2. Dancing a. Sinhala b. Baratha3. Music a. Oriental b. Carnatic c. Western 4.Drama & Theatre a. Sinhala b. Tamil c. English Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 03:  Students can select two subjects out of above four subject areas. However, no student is allowed to select the two subjects from one subject area. Basket 04 - Languages: The language basket has three subject areas. These are;  National Languages  Classical Languages  Foreign Languages National Languages are:  Sinhala  Tamil  English Classical Languages are:  Arabic  Pali  Sanskrit Foreign Languages are:  Chinese  French  German  Hindi  Japanese  Malay  Russian Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 04:  Students are allowed to select a maximum of two subjects from this basket. For example, when selecting the three subjects, students can select Chinese and French from basket 04 and the other subject from another basket.', '019F'),
(5, 19, 2, 6985, 4, ' To be eligible for admission to a course of study in Arts, candidates must have obtained at least ‘S’ grades for three subjects considered.  As there are many subjects in the Arts stream for the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, subjects are classified under four baskets.  Students should have obtained passes in three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination from the following baskets. Basket 01- Social Sciences / Applied Social Studies: 1. Economics 2. Geography 3. History 4. Home Economics 5. Agricultural Science / Mathematics / Combined Mathematics 6. Communication & Media Studies 7. Information & Communication Technology 8. Accounting / Business Statistics 9. Political Science 10. Logic & Scientific Method 11. One subject from Technological Subjects :  Civil Technology  Electrical, Electronic and Information Technology  Agro Technology  Mechanical Technology  Food Technology  Bio-Resource Technology Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 01:  Students should select at least one subject from this basket.  Students can also select all three subjects only from basket 01. There are three exceptions to this rule. These are; 1. Students selecting three National Languages; Sinhala, Tamil and English from the basket 04 (Language Basket) as the three subjects, need not to select any subject from basket 01. 2. Students selecting a combination of National and Classical languages need not to select any subject from basket 01.National Languages are; Sinhala Tamil English Classical Languages are; Arabic Pali Sanskrit For example, students can select three subjects like Sinhala, Pali and Sanskrit etc. These students need not to select any subject from basket 01. However, no candidate can select three classical languages as three subjects. They can select a maximum of two classical languages only. 3. Students selecting two languages from the basket 04 and the third subject from Religions and Civilizations or Aesthetic subject classified under basket 02 and 03 given below need not to select any subject from basket 01. Basket 02 - Religions and Civilizations: 1. Buddhism 2. Hinduism 3. Christianity 4. Islam 5. Buddhist Civilization 6. Hindu Civilization 7. Christian Civilization 8. Islamic Civilization 9. Greek & Roman Civilization Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 02:  A candidate can select maximum of two subjects from the basket 02.  However, if a religion (Eg: Buddhism) is selected as a subject, the related civilization of the selected religion (Eg: Buddhist Civilization) cannot be offered as another subject from this basket. Basket 03- Aesthetic Studies: Aesthetic subjects consists of four subject areas. These are; 1. Art 2. Dancing 3. Music 4. Drama & Theatre This can be further sub-classified as; 1. Art 2. Dancing a. Sinhala b. Baratha3. Music a. Oriental b. Carnatic c. Western 4.Drama & Theatre a. Sinhala b. Tamil c. English Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 03:  Students can select two subjects out of above four subject areas. However, no student is allowed to select the two subjects from one subject area. Basket 04 - Languages: The language basket has three subject areas. These are;  National Languages  Classical Languages  Foreign Languages National Languages are:  Sinhala  Tamil  English Classical Languages are:  Arabic  Pali  Sanskrit Foreign Languages are:  Chinese  French  German  Hindi  Japanese  Malay  Russian Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 04:  Students are allowed to select a maximum of two subjects from this basket. For example, when selecting the three subjects, students can select Chinese and French from basket 04 and the other subject from another basket.', '019B'),
(6, 19, 6, 6985, 4, ' To be eligible for admission to a course of study in Arts, candidates must have obtained at least ‘S’ grades for three subjects considered.  As there are many subjects in the Arts stream for the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, subjects are classified under four baskets.  Students should have obtained passes in three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination from the following baskets. Basket 01- Social Sciences / Applied Social Studies: 1. Economics 2. Geography 3. History 4. Home Economics 5. Agricultural Science / Mathematics / Combined Mathematics 6. Communication & Media Studies 7. Information & Communication Technology 8. Accounting / Business Statistics 9. Political Science 10. Logic & Scientific Method 11. One subject from Technological Subjects :  Civil Technology  Electrical, Electronic and Information Technology  Agro Technology  Mechanical Technology  Food Technology  Bio-Resource Technology Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 01:  Students should select at least one subject from this basket.  Students can also select all three subjects only from basket 01. There are three exceptions to this rule. These are; 1. Students selecting three National Languages; Sinhala, Tamil and English from the basket 04 (Language Basket) as the three subjects, need not to select any subject from basket 01. 2. Students selecting a combination of National and Classical languages need not to select any subject from basket 01.National Languages are; Sinhala Tamil English Classical Languages are; Arabic Pali Sanskrit For example, students can select three subjects like Sinhala, Pali and Sanskrit etc. These students need not to select any subject from basket 01. However, no candidate can select three classical languages as three subjects. They can select a maximum of two classical languages only. 3. Students selecting two languages from the basket 04 and the third subject from Religions and Civilizations or Aesthetic subject classified under basket 02 and 03 given below need not to select any subject from basket 01. Basket 02 - Religions and Civilizations: 1. Buddhism 2. Hinduism 3. Christianity 4. Islam 5. Buddhist Civilization 6. Hindu Civilization 7. Christian Civilization 8. Islamic Civilization 9. Greek & Roman Civilization Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 02:  A candidate can select maximum of two subjects from the basket 02.  However, if a religion (Eg: Buddhism) is selected as a subject, the related civilization of the selected religion (Eg: Buddhist Civilization) cannot be offered as another subject from this basket. Basket 03- Aesthetic Studies: Aesthetic subjects consists of four subject areas. These are; 1. Art 2. Dancing 3. Music 4. Drama & Theatre This can be further sub-classified as; 1. Art 2. Dancing a. Sinhala b. Baratha3. Music a. Oriental b. Carnatic c. Western 4.Drama & Theatre a. Sinhala b. Tamil c. English Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 03:  Students can select two subjects out of above four subject areas. However, no student is allowed to select the two subjects from one subject area. Basket 04 - Languages: The language basket has three subject areas. These are;  National Languages  Classical Languages  Foreign Languages National Languages are:  Sinhala  Tamil  English Classical Languages are:  Arabic  Pali  Sanskrit Foreign Languages are:  Chinese  French  German  Hindi  Japanese  Malay  Russian Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 04:  Students are allowed to select a maximum of two subjects from this basket. For example, when selecting the three subjects, students can select Chinese and French from basket 04 and the other subject from another basket.', '019E'),
(7, 19, 8, 6985, 4, ' To be eligible for admission to a course of study in Arts, candidates must have obtained at least ‘S’ grades for three subjects considered.  As there are many subjects in the Arts stream for the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, subjects are classified under four baskets.  Students should have obtained passes in three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination from the following baskets. Basket 01- Social Sciences / Applied Social Studies: 1. Economics 2. Geography 3. History 4. Home Economics 5. Agricultural Science / Mathematics / Combined Mathematics 6. Communication & Media Studies 7. Information & Communication Technology 8. Accounting / Business Statistics 9. Political Science 10. Logic & Scientific Method 11. One subject from Technological Subjects :  Civil Technology  Electrical, Electronic and Information Technology  Agro Technology  Mechanical Technology  Food Technology  Bio-Resource Technology Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 01:  Students should select at least one subject from this basket.  Students can also select all three subjects only from basket 01. There are three exceptions to this rule. These are; 1. Students selecting three National Languages; Sinhala, Tamil and English from the basket 04 (Language Basket) as the three subjects, need not to select any subject from basket 01. 2. Students selecting a combination of National and Classical languages need not to select any subject from basket 01.National Languages are; Sinhala Tamil English Classical Languages are; Arabic Pali Sanskrit For example, students can select three subjects like Sinhala, Pali and Sanskrit etc. These students need not to select any subject from basket 01. However, no candidate can select three classical languages as three subjects. They can select a maximum of two classical languages only. 3. Students selecting two languages from the basket 04 and the third subject from Religions and Civilizations or Aesthetic subject classified under basket 02 and 03 given below need not to select any subject from basket 01. Basket 02 - Religions and Civilizations: 1. Buddhism 2. Hinduism 3. Christianity 4. Islam 5. Buddhist Civilization 6. Hindu Civilization 7. Christian Civilization 8. Islamic Civilization 9. Greek & Roman Civilization Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 02:  A candidate can select maximum of two subjects from the basket 02.  However, if a religion (Eg: Buddhism) is selected as a subject, the related civilization of the selected religion (Eg: Buddhist Civilization) cannot be offered as another subject from this basket. Basket 03- Aesthetic Studies: Aesthetic subjects consists of four subject areas. These are; 1. Art 2. Dancing 3. Music 4. Drama & Theatre This can be further sub-classified as; 1. Art 2. Dancing a. Sinhala b. Baratha3. Music a. Oriental b. Carnatic c. Western 4.Drama & Theatre a. Sinhala b. Tamil c. English Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 03:  Students can select two subjects out of above four subject areas. However, no student is allowed to select the two subjects from one subject area. Basket 04 - Languages: The language basket has three subject areas. These are;  National Languages  Classical Languages  Foreign Languages National Languages are:  Sinhala  Tamil  English Classical Languages are:  Arabic  Pali  Sanskrit Foreign Languages are:  Chinese  French  German  Hindi  Japanese  Malay  Russian Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 04:  Students are allowed to select a maximum of two subjects from this basket. For example, when selecting the three subjects, students can select Chinese and French from basket 04 and the other subject from another basket.', '019H'),
(8, 19, 9, 6985, 4, ' To be eligible for admission to a course of study in Arts, candidates must have obtained at least ‘S’ grades for three subjects considered.  As there are many subjects in the Arts stream for the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, subjects are classified under four baskets.  Students should have obtained passes in three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination from the following baskets. Basket 01- Social Sciences / Applied Social Studies: 1. Economics 2. Geography 3. History 4. Home Economics 5. Agricultural Science / Mathematics / Combined Mathematics 6. Communication & Media Studies 7. Information & Communication Technology 8. Accounting / Business Statistics 9. Political Science 10. Logic & Scientific Method 11. One subject from Technological Subjects :  Civil Technology  Electrical, Electronic and Information Technology  Agro Technology  Mechanical Technology  Food Technology  Bio-Resource Technology Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 01:  Students should select at least one subject from this basket.  Students can also select all three subjects only from basket 01. There are three exceptions to this rule. These are; 1. Students selecting three National Languages; Sinhala, Tamil and English from the basket 04 (Language Basket) as the three subjects, need not to select any subject from basket 01. 2. Students selecting a combination of National and Classical languages need not to select any subject from basket 01.National Languages are; Sinhala Tamil English Classical Languages are; Arabic Pali Sanskrit For example, students can select three subjects like Sinhala, Pali and Sanskrit etc. These students need not to select any subject from basket 01. However, no candidate can select three classical languages as three subjects. They can select a maximum of two classical languages only. 3. Students selecting two languages from the basket 04 and the third subject from Religions and Civilizations or Aesthetic subject classified under basket 02 and 03 given below need not to select any subject from basket 01. Basket 02 - Religions and Civilizations: 1. Buddhism 2. Hinduism 3. Christianity 4. Islam 5. Buddhist Civilization 6. Hindu Civilization 7. Christian Civilization 8. Islamic Civilization 9. Greek & Roman Civilization Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 02:  A candidate can select maximum of two subjects from the basket 02.  However, if a religion (Eg: Buddhism) is selected as a subject, the related civilization of the selected religion (Eg: Buddhist Civilization) cannot be offered as another subject from this basket. Basket 03- Aesthetic Studies: Aesthetic subjects consists of four subject areas. These are; 1. Art 2. Dancing 3. Music 4. Drama & Theatre This can be further sub-classified as; 1. Art 2. Dancing a. Sinhala b. Baratha3. Music a. Oriental b. Carnatic c. Western 4.Drama & Theatre a. Sinhala b. Tamil c. English Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 03:  Students can select two subjects out of above four subject areas. However, no student is allowed to select the two subjects from one subject area. Basket 04 - Languages: The language basket has three subject areas. These are;  National Languages  Classical Languages  Foreign Languages National Languages are:  Sinhala  Tamil  English Classical Languages are:  Arabic  Pali  Sanskrit Foreign Languages are:  Chinese  French  German  Hindi  Japanese  Malay  Russian Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 04:  Students are allowed to select a maximum of two subjects from this basket. For example, when selecting the three subjects, students can select Chinese and French from basket 04 and the other subject from another basket.', '019J'),
(9, 19, 10, 6985, 4, ' To be eligible for admission to a course of study in Arts, candidates must have obtained at least ‘S’ grades for three subjects considered.  As there are many subjects in the Arts stream for the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, subjects are classified under four baskets.  Students should have obtained passes in three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination from the following baskets. Basket 01- Social Sciences / Applied Social Studies: 1. Economics 2. Geography 3. History 4. Home Economics 5. Agricultural Science / Mathematics / Combined Mathematics 6. Communication & Media Studies 7. Information & Communication Technology 8. Accounting / Business Statistics 9. Political Science 10. Logic & Scientific Method 11. One subject from Technological Subjects :  Civil Technology  Electrical, Electronic and Information Technology  Agro Technology  Mechanical Technology  Food Technology  Bio-Resource Technology Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 01:  Students should select at least one subject from this basket.  Students can also select all three subjects only from basket 01. There are three exceptions to this rule. These are; 1. Students selecting three National Languages; Sinhala, Tamil and English from the basket 04 (Language Basket) as the three subjects, need not to select any subject from basket 01. 2. Students selecting a combination of National and Classical languages need not to select any subject from basket 01.National Languages are; Sinhala Tamil English Classical Languages are; Arabic Pali Sanskrit For example, students can select three subjects like Sinhala, Pali and Sanskrit etc. These students need not to select any subject from basket 01. However, no candidate can select three classical languages as three subjects. They can select a maximum of two classical languages only. 3. Students selecting two languages from the basket 04 and the third subject from Religions and Civilizations or Aesthetic subject classified under basket 02 and 03 given below need not to select any subject from basket 01. Basket 02 - Religions and Civilizations: 1. Buddhism 2. Hinduism 3. Christianity 4. Islam 5. Buddhist Civilization 6. Hindu Civilization 7. Christian Civilization 8. Islamic Civilization 9. Greek & Roman Civilization Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 02:  A candidate can select maximum of two subjects from the basket 02.  However, if a religion (Eg: Buddhism) is selected as a subject, the related civilization of the selected religion (Eg: Buddhist Civilization) cannot be offered as another subject from this basket. Basket 03- Aesthetic Studies: Aesthetic subjects consists of four subject areas. These are; 1. Art 2. Dancing 3. Music 4. Drama & Theatre This can be further sub-classified as; 1. Art 2. Dancing a. Sinhala b. Baratha3. Music a. Oriental b. Carnatic c. Western 4.Drama & Theatre a. Sinhala b. Tamil c. English Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 03:  Students can select two subjects out of above four subject areas. However, no student is allowed to select the two subjects from one subject area. Basket 04 - Languages: The language basket has three subject areas. These are;  National Languages  Classical Languages  Foreign Languages National Languages are:  Sinhala  Tamil  English Classical Languages are:  Arabic  Pali  Sanskrit Foreign Languages are:  Chinese  French  German  Hindi  Japanese  Malay  Russian Guidance for selection of subjects from basket 04:  Students are allowed to select a maximum of two subjects from this basket. For example, when selecting the three subjects, students can select Chinese and French from basket 04 and the other subject from another basket.', '019K'),
(10, 20, 15, 110, 4, 'Under this course of study, two degree programmes are offered. These are; 1. B.A. Honours Degree in Performing Arts 2. B.A. Honours Degree in Mass Media Durations of both degree programmes are 04 years. The required three Advanced Level subjects and the special requirements needed to get selected for these two degree programmes are given in next page.Three subjects should have offered at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination from Arts stream, subject to the following conditions. 1. Not more than two Languages 2. Not more than one subject from Religions and Civilizations basket 3. Not more than one Technological subject 4. Not more than one of the following subjects  Accounting  Business Statistics  Economics Moreover, there are two special requirements to be fulfilled. These are; 1. To have a minimum of an ordinary pass (S) in English at the G.C.E. (Ordinary Level) Examination. Candidates are required to submit the duly certified copy of the original G.C.E. (Ordinary Level) certificate along with the application. Candidates are kindly reminded that failure to submit the above evidence may result in the rejection of the application for the above course of study. 2. To have a pass in the Aptitude Test conducted by the Sripalee Campus of the University of Colombo. The Sripalee Campus of the University of Colombo will publish a press notice calling for applications to sit the Aptitude Test. Aptitude Test may consist of either an Interview, Practical Test or a Written Test or all three components as decided by the Sripalee Campus. Candidates may contact the Senior Assistant Registrar of the Sripalee Campus, Horana if they wish to obtain further details.', '020S'),
(11, 21, 11, 309, 3, 'Students who have satisfied the minimum requirements for admission in Arts stream or Commerce stream are eligible to seek admission for this programme. The two degree programmes offered are: 1. Bachelor of Arts (Honours) - Duration four years 2. Bachelor of Arts - Duration three years Selection of students to the four year honours degree is based on the performance of them in the first year. The main subjects offered under these two degree programmes are given below. 1. Economics - (English & Sinhala medium) 2. Statistics - (English & Sinhala medium) 3. Geography - (English & Sinhala medium) 4. Sociology - (English & Sinhala medium) 5. Political Science - (English & Sinhala medium) 6. Sinhala 7. Tamil 8. English 9. Japanese 10. Hindi 11. Chinese 12. German 13. Information & Communication Technology (ICT) - (Only in English medium).The basis of selection of students: As the opportunities are made available to both Arts and Commerce stream students to seek admissions to this course of study, of the total number of seats available (309), 55% is allocated from the Arts stream and balance is allocated from the Commerce stream.', '021L'),
(12, 29, 16, 200, 3, 'Under this course of study, the Trincomalee campus offers two degree programmes. They are; 1. B.A. (Communication Studies) 2. B.A. (Languages) Students admitted to a three year degree programme may proceed to fourth year if they so desire and satisfy the requirements of the university. In the fourth year, students will be offered extra modules of courses relevant to the areas of specialization as determined by the Faculty and Senate of the University. Selection criteria for this course of study are very flexible. That is, any student who have satisfied the minimum requirements for university admission [minimum of Simple (S) passes in three subjects and 30% or more for the Common General Paper] in G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination are eligible but one of the three subjects must have a Credit (C) pass in Sinhala, Tamil or English. However, because the medium of instructions of this course of study is English, to be eligible, the student also must have obtained at least a Credit (C) pass in English at the G.C.E. (Ordinary Level) Examination. Candidates are required to submit the duly certified copy of the original G.C.E (Ordinary Level) certificate along with the application. Candidates are kindly reminded that failure to submit the above evidence may result in the rejection of the application for the course of study in Communication Studies. The Trincomalee campus will decide the maximum number of students allocated to one degree programme in accordance with the criteria determined by the campus.', '029W'),
(13, 31, 4, 36, 4, 'Name of the degree programme is B.A. Honours in Peace and Conflict Resolution [BAHons (Peace and Conflict Resolution)]. Duration of the degree programme is 04 years. Candidates who have satisfied the minimum requirements for university admission [minimum of Simple (S) passes in three subjects and 30% or more for the Common General Paper] having offered any three subjects available at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination are eligible to seek admission to this programme. Medium of instructions is English.', '031D'),
(14, 63, 9, 278, 3, 'Name of the degree programme is B.A. in Islamic Studies. Duration of the programme is 03 years. Candidates with at least Simple (S) passes in any three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination are eligible. However, one must include a subject of Islam or Islamic Civilization.', '063J'),
(15, 84, 9, 225, 3, 'Name of the degree programme is B.A. in Arabic Language. Duration of the programme is 03 years. Candidates with at least Simple (S) passes in any three subjects at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination are eligible. However one must include a subject of Arabic language.', '084J'),
(16, 105, 4, 81, 4, 'Name of the degree programme is B.A. in TESL (Honours). In order to be eligible for this course of study, candidates should have obtained a minimum grade of ‘S’ or above for English and passes in any other two subjects at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination. Duration of the degree programme is 04 years. This course is conducted only in the English Medium.', '105D'),
(17, 105, 3, 81, 4, 'Name of the degree programme is B.A. in TESL (Honours). In order to be eligible for this course of study, candidates should have obtained a minimum grade of ‘S’ or above for English and passes in any other two subjects at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination. Duration of the degree programme is 04 years. This course is conducted only in the English Medium.', '105C'),
(18, 112, 2, 51, 4, 'Name of the degree programme is Bachelor of Social Work Honours [BSW(Hons)]. In order to be eligible for this course of study, candidates should have obtained at least Simple (S) passes in any three subjects of the Arts stream at G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination, selected according to the conditions specified in the Section 2.2.1.1 of this handbook. Duration of the degree programme is 04 years. The medium of instructions is English.', '112B'),
(19, 68, 14, 300, 4, 'The University of the Visual & Performing Arts offer Bachelor of Performing Arts- Music (Honours). Guidance for selection of subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination to be eligible to enter the University of the Visual & Performing Arts is given below: The three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, students must obtain at least two Simple (S) passes in any two subjects and at least a Credit (C) pass for the subject the student wishes to follow. This requirement is mandatory. For example, a student wishing to follow Music must have a Credit (C) pass or more in Music in the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Similarly, a student wishing to follow a course of study in Visual Arts must have obtained a Credit (C) pass or more for Art at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. The university also conducts Practical / Aptitude Tests for selection. These are for Music, Dance, Drama & Theatre and Visual Arts. If a student fails the Practical/ Aptitude Test, he/she is deemed ineligible for admission for the relevant course of study. However, such student is eligible to be considered for other courses of study of his/ her preference mentioned in the application form, subject to satisfy the relevant requirements. The University of the Visual and Performing Arts will publish a press notice, calling for applications for the Practical / Aptitude test. Students are requested to contact the Registrar of the University for further details. The medium of instructions for all degree programmes conducted by the University of the Visual and Performing Arts is Sinhala.', '068Z'),
(20, 68, 21, 103, 4, 'Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka offer degree programme Bachelor of Fine Arts (Music). Guidance for selection of subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination to be eligible to enter the Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka is given below: The three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, students must obtain at least two Simple (S) passes in any two subjects and at least a Credit (C) pass for the subject the student wishes to follow. This requirement is mandatory. For example a student wishing to follow Music must have a Credit (C) pass or more in Music in the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Similarly, a student wishing to follow a course of study in Visual & Technological Arts must have obtained a Credit (C) pass or more for Art in G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. The institute also conducts Practical/Aptitude Tests for selection. These are for Music, Dance, Drama & Theatre and Visual & Technological Arts. If a student fails the Practical/Aptitude Test he/she is deemed ineligible for admission for the relevant course of study. However such student is eligible to be considered for other courses of study of his/ her preference mentioned in the application form, subject to satisfy the relevant requirements. Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka will publish a press notice, calling for applications for the Practical/Aptitude Test. Students are requested to contact the Senior Assistant Registrar of the Swami Vipulananda Institute for further details. The medium of instructions for all degree programmes conducted by the Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka is Tamil.', '068Y'),
(21, 68, 22, 117, 4, 'The Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts of the University of Jaffna offer degree programme Bachelor of Fine Arts (Music). Guidance for selection of subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination to be eligible to enter the Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts is given below: The three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, students must obtain at least two Simple (S) passes in any two subjects and at least a Credit (C) pass for the subject the student wishes to follow. This requirement is mandatory. For example, a student wishing to follow Music must have a Credit (C) pass or more in Music in the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Similarly, a student wishing to follow a course of study in Arts & Design must have obtained a Credit (C) pass or more for Art at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts of the University of Jaffna also conducts Practical/Aptitude Tests for selection. These are for Music, Dance and Art & Design. If a student fails the Practical/Aptitude Test, he/she is deemed ineligible for admission for the relevant course of study. However, such student is eligible to be considered for other courses of study of his/ her preference mentioned in the application form, subject to satisfy the relevant requirements. Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts of the University of Jaffna will publish a press notice, calling for applications for the Practical / Aptitude Test. Students are requested to contact the Senior Assistant Registrar of the Ramanathan Academy for further details. The medium of instructions for all degree programmes conducted by the Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts is Tamil.', '068X'),
(22, 69, 14, 300, 4, 'The University of the Visual & Performing Arts offer degree programme Bachelor of Performing Arts-Dance and Drama (Honours). Guidance for selection of subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination to be eligible to enter the University of the Visual & Performing Arts is given below: The three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, students must obtain at least two Simple (S) passes in any two subjects and at least a Credit (C) pass for the subject the student wishes to follow. This requirement is mandatory. For example, a student wishing to follow Music must have a Credit (C) pass or more in Music in the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Similarly, a student wishing to follow a course of study in Visual Arts must have obtained a Credit (C) pass or more for Art at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. The university also conducts Practical / Aptitude Tests for selection. These are for Music, Dance, Drama & Theatre and Visual Arts. If a student fails the Practical/ Aptitude Test, he/she is deemed ineligible for admission for the relevant course of study. However, such student is eligible to be considered for other courses of study of his/ her preference mentioned in the application form, subject to satisfy the relevant requirements. The University of the Visual and Performing Arts will publish a press notice, calling for applications for the Practical / Aptitude test. Students are requested to contact the Registrar of the University for further details. The medium of instructions for all degree programmes conducted by the University of the Visual and Performing Arts is Sinhala.', '069Z'),
(23, 69, 21, 93, 4, 'Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka offer degree programme Bachelor of Fine Arts (Dance). Guidance for selection of subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination to be eligible to enter the Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka is given below: The three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, students must obtain at least two Simple (S) passes in any two subjects and at least a Credit (C) pass for the subject the student wishes to follow. This requirement is mandatory. For example a student wishing to follow Music must have a Credit (C) pass or more in Music in the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Similarly, a student wishing to follow a course of study in Visual & Technological Arts must have obtained a Credit (C) pass or more for Art in G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. The institute also conducts Practical/Aptitude Tests for selection. These are for Music, Dance, Drama & Theatre and Visual & Technological Arts. If a student fails the Practical/Aptitude Test he/she is deemed ineligible for admission for the relevant course of study. However such student is eligible to be considered for other courses of study of his/ her preference mentioned in the application form, subject to satisfy the relevant requirements. Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka will publish a press notice, calling for applications for the Practical/Aptitude Test. Students are requested to contact the Senior Assistant Registrar of the Swami Vipulananda Institute for further details. The medium of instructions for all degree programmes conducted by the Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka is Tamil.', '069Y');
INSERT INTO `GovernmentCourseOfferedByGovermentUniversity` (`id`, `gov_course_id`, `gov_uni_id`, `purposed_intake`, `duration`, `description`, `unicode`) VALUES
(24, 69, 22, 101, 4, 'The Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts of the University of Jaffna offer degree programme Bachelor of Fine Arts (Dance). Guidance for selection of subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination to be eligible to enter the Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts is given below: The three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, students must obtain at least two Simple (S) passes in any two subjects and at least a Credit (C) pass for the subject the student wishes to follow. This requirement is mandatory. For example, a student wishing to follow Music must have a Credit (C) pass or more in Music in the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Similarly, a student wishing to follow a course of study in Arts & Design must have obtained a Credit (C) pass or more for Art at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts of the University of Jaffna also conducts Practical/Aptitude Tests for selection. These are for Music, Dance and Art & Design. If a student fails the Practical/Aptitude Test, he/she is deemed ineligible for admission for the relevant course of study. However, such student is eligible to be considered for other courses of study of his/ her preference mentioned in the application form, subject to satisfy the relevant requirements. Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts of the University of Jaffna will publish a press notice, calling for applications for the Practical / Aptitude Test. Students are requested to contact the Senior Assistant Registrar of the Ramanathan Academy for further details. The medium of instructions for all degree programmes conducted by the Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts is Tamil.', '069X'),
(25, 71, 14, 74, 4, 'The University of the Visual & Performing Arts offer degree programme Bachelor of Performing Arts-Dance and Drama (Honours). Guidance for selection of subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination to be eligible to enter the University of the Visual & Performing Arts is given below: The three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, students must obtain at least two Simple (S) passes in any two subjects and at least a Credit (C) pass for the subject the student wishes to follow. This requirement is mandatory. For example, a student wishing to follow Music must have a Credit (C) pass or more in Music in the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Similarly, a student wishing to follow a course of study in Visual Arts must have obtained a Credit (C) pass or more for Art at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. The university also conducts Practical / Aptitude Tests for selection. These are for Music, Dance, Drama & Theatre and Visual Arts. If a student fails the Practical/ Aptitude Test, he/she is deemed ineligible for admission for the relevant course of study. However, such student is eligible to be considered for other courses of study of his/ her preference mentioned in the application form, subject to satisfy the relevant requirements. The University of the Visual and Performing Arts will publish a press notice, calling for applications for the Practical / Aptitude test. Students are requested to contact the Registrar of the University for further details. The medium of instructions for all degree programmes conducted by the University of the Visual and Performing Arts is Sinhala.', '071Z'),
(26, 71, 21, 104, 4, 'Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka offer degree programme Bachelor of Fine Arts (Drama & Theatre). Guidance for selection of subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination to be eligible to enter the Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka is given below: The three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, students must obtain at least two Simple (S) passes in any two subjects and at least a Credit (C) pass for the subject the student wishes to follow. This requirement is mandatory. For example a student wishing to follow Music must have a Credit (C) pass or more in Music in the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Similarly, a student wishing to follow a course of study in Visual & Technological Arts must have obtained a Credit (C) pass or more for Art in G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. The institute also conducts Practical/Aptitude Tests for selection. These are for Music, Dance, Drama & Theatre and Visual & Technological Arts. If a student fails the Practical/Aptitude Test he/she is deemed ineligible for admission for the relevant course of study. However such student is eligible to be considered for other courses of study of his/ her preference mentioned in the application form, subject to satisfy the relevant requirements. Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka will publish a press notice, calling for applications for the Practical/Aptitude Test. Students are requested to contact the Senior Assistant Registrar of the Swami Vipulananda Institute for further details. The medium of instructions for all degree programmes conducted by the Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka is Tamil.', '071Y'),
(27, 85, 14, 120, 4, 'The University of the Visual & Performing Arts offer degree programme Bachelor of Visual Arts (Honours). Guidance for selection of subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination to be eligible to enter the University of the Visual & Performing Arts is given below: The three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, students must obtain at least two Simple (S) passes in any two subjects and at least a Credit (C) pass for the subject the student wishes to follow. This requirement is mandatory. For example, a student wishing to follow Music must have a Credit (C) pass or more in Music in the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Similarly, a student wishing to follow a course of study in Visual Arts must have obtained a Credit (C) pass or more for Art at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. The university also conducts Practical / Aptitude Tests for selection. These are for Music, Dance, Drama & Theatre and Visual Arts. If a student fails the Practical/ Aptitude Test, he/she is deemed ineligible for admission for the relevant course of study. However, such student is eligible to be considered for other courses of study of his/ her preference mentioned in the application form, subject to satisfy the relevant requirements. The University of the Visual and Performing Arts will publish a press notice, calling for applications for the Practical / Aptitude test. Students are requested to contact the Registrar of the University for further details. The medium of instructions for all degree programmes conducted by the University of the Visual and Performing Arts is Sinhala.', '085Z'),
(28, 72, 21, 94, 4, 'Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka offer degree programme Bachelor of Fine Arts (Visual & Technological Art). Guidance for selection of subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination to be eligible to enter the Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka is given below: The three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, students must obtain at least two Simple (S) passes in any two subjects and at least a Credit (C) pass for the subject the student wishes to follow. This requirement is mandatory. For example a student wishing to follow Music must have a Credit (C) pass or more in Music in the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Similarly, a student wishing to follow a course of study in Visual & Technological Arts must have obtained a Credit (C) pass or more for Art in G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. The institute also conducts Practical/Aptitude Tests for selection. These are for Music, Dance, Drama & Theatre and Visual & Technological Arts. If a student fails the Practical/Aptitude Test he/she is deemed ineligible for admission for the relevant course of study. However such student is eligible to be considered for other courses of study of his/ her preference mentioned in the application form, subject to satisfy the relevant requirements. Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka will publish a press notice, calling for applications for the Practical/Aptitude Test. Students are requested to contact the Senior Assistant Registrar of the Swami Vipulananda Institute for further details. The medium of instructions for all degree programmes conducted by the Swami Vipulananda Institute of Aesthetic Studies of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka is Tamil.', '072Y'),
(29, 70, 22, 62, 4, 'The Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts of the University of Jaffna offer degree programme Bachelor of Fine Arts (Art & Design). Guidance for selection of subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination to be eligible to enter the Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts is given below: The three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination, students must obtain at least two Simple (S) passes in any two subjects and at least a Credit (C) pass for the subject the student wishes to follow. This requirement is mandatory. For example, a student wishing to follow Music must have a Credit (C) pass or more in Music in the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Similarly, a student wishing to follow a course of study in Arts & Design must have obtained a Credit (C) pass or more for Art at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts of the University of Jaffna also conducts Practical/Aptitude Tests for selection. These are for Music, Dance and Art & Design. If a student fails the Practical/Aptitude Test, he/she is deemed ineligible for admission for the relevant course of study. However, such student is eligible to be considered for other courses of study of his/ her preference mentioned in the application form, subject to satisfy the relevant requirements. Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts of the University of Jaffna will publish a press notice, calling for applications for the Practical / Aptitude Test. Students are requested to contact the Senior Assistant Registrar of the Ramanathan Academy for further details. The medium of instructions for all degree programmes conducted by the Ramanathan Academy of Fine Arts is Tamil.', '070X'),
(30, 16, 1, 5336, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Finance  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Human Resource Management  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Marketing  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Accounting  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Business Economics  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in International Business  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Hospitality and Leisure Management', '016A'),
(31, 16, 2, 5336, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:   Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Human Resource Management  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Marketing Management  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Operations Management  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Accounting and Finance  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Organizational Management', '016B'),
(32, 16, 3, 5336, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  B.Sc. Business Administration (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Management (Public) Honours\r\n B.Com. (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Estate Management & Valuation (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Accounting (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Marketing Management (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Human Resource Management (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Business Administration (Business Economics) Honours\r\n B.Sc. Finance (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Business Information Systems (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Operations and Technology Management (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Entrepreneurship (Honours)', '016C'),
(33, 16, 4, 5336, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Human Resource\r\n Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Accountancy\r\n Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Marketing\r\n Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Finance\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Business Technology\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Entrepreneurship\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Financial Management\r\n Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Insurance\r\n Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Banking\r\n Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Auditing and Forensic Accounting\r\n Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Financial Engineering', '016D'),
(34, 16, 6, 5336, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Tourism and Hospitality Management\r\n Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Accounting\r\n Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Financial Management\r\n Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Human Resource Management\r\n Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Marketing\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Accounting and Finance\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Business Technology Management\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours', '016E'),
(35, 16, 7, 5336, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  B.B.A. Honours in Accounting\r\n B.B.A. Honours in Entrepreneurship\r\n B.B.A. Honours in Human Resources Management\r\n B.B.A. Honours in Marketing\r\n B.B.A. Honours in Business Management', '016F'),
(36, 16, 8, 5336, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours\r\n Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Marketing Management\r\n Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Human Resource Management\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Accounting and Finance\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Enterprise Development\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Business Economics', '016H'),
(37, 16, 9, 5336, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  B.B.A. (Honours)\r\n B.Com (Honours)', '016J'),
(38, 16, 10, 5336, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  Bachelor of Science Honours in Accountancy & Finance\r\n Bachelor of Science Honours in Business Management\r\n Bachelor of Science Honours in Tourism and Hospitality Management\r\n Bachelor of Science Honours in Marketing Management\r\n Bachelor of Science Honours in Human Resource Management\r\n Bachelor of Science Honours in Information Systems', '016K'),
(39, 16, 11, 5336, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  B.Sc. (Business Management) Honours\r\n B.Sc. (Financial Management) Honours\r\n B.Sc. (Marketing Management) Honours\r\n B.Sc. (Tourism Management) Honours\r\n B.Sc. (Eco Business Management) Honours\r\n B.Sc. (Banking & Insurance) Honours', '016L'),
(40, 16, 12, 5336, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  B.Sc. (Accountancy & Business Finance) Honours\r\n B.Sc. (Banking & Business Finance) Honours\r\n B.Sc. (Business Management) Honours\r\n B.Sc. Honours in Insurance & Finance', '016M'),
(41, 28, 3, 114, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  B.Sc. Business Administration (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Management (Public) Honours\r\n B.Com. (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Estate Management & Valuation (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Accounting (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Marketing Management (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Human Resource Management (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Business Administration (Business Economics) Honours\r\n B.Sc. Finance (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Business Information Systems (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Operations and Technology Management (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Entrepreneurship (Honours)', '028C'),
(42, 17, 3, 88, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  B.Sc. Business Administration (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Management (Public) Honours\r\n B.Com. (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Estate Management & Valuation (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Accounting (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Marketing Management (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Human Resource Management (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Business Administration (Business Economics) Honours\r\n B.Sc. Finance (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Business Information Systems (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Operations and Technology Management (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Entrepreneurship (Honours)', '017C'),
(43, 18, 3, 899, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  B.Sc. Business Administration (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Management (Public) Honours\r\n B.Com. (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Estate Management & Valuation (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Accounting (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Marketing Management (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Human Resource Management (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Business Administration (Business Economics) Honours\r\n B.Sc. Finance (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Business Information Systems (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Operations and Technology Management (Honours)\r\n B.Sc. Entrepreneurship (Honours)', '018C'),
(44, 18, 4, 899, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Human Resource\r\n Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Accountancy\r\n Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Marketing\r\n Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Finance\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Business Technology\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Entrepreneurship\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Financial Management\r\n Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Insurance\r\n Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Banking\r\n Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Auditing and Forensic Accounting\r\n Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Financial Engineering', '018D'),
(45, 18, 6, 899, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Tourism and Hospitality Management\r\n Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Accounting\r\n Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Financial Management\r\n Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Human Resource Management\r\n Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Marketing\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Accounting and Finance\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Business Technology Management\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours', '018E'),
(46, 18, 8, 899, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  Bachelor of Business Administration Honours\r\n Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Marketing Management\r\n Bachelor of Business Administration Honours in Human Resource Management\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Accounting and Finance\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Enterprise Development\r\n Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Business Economics', '018H'),
(47, 18, 9, 899, 4, 'To obtain admission to the above mentioned course of study, a student should have obtained at least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Agricultural Science  Geography  Business Statistics  German  Combined Mathematics or Mathematics  History  Political Science  English  Logic & Scientific Method  French  Information & Communication Technology To enter into some degree programmes such as Accountancy, Auditing & Forensic Accounting and Finance in a university, students should have offered Accounting as a subject at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Durations of the degree programmes are 04 years. Degree programmes available at those universities:  B.B.A. (Honours)\r\n B.Com (Honours)', '018J'),
(48, 22, 16, 458, 3, 'Candidates who have satisfied the minimum requirements for admission having offered any three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination are eligible to seek admission to follow a degree course in Management Studies (TV) at one of the following universities. 1. Trincomalee Campus, Eastern University, Sri Lanka 2. Vavuniya Campus of the University of Jaffna However, when selecting students, it will be ensured that at least 60% of the intake to the Vavuniya Campus of the University of Jaffna and at least 40% of the intake to the Trincomalee Campus of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka will be from the students in the Commerce Stream. Students admitted to a three year degree programme may proceed to the fourth year if they so desire and satisfy the requirements of the University. In the fourth year students will be offered extra modules of courses relevant to the areas of specialization as determined by the Faculty/Senate of the University. Names of the universities and the degree programmes available: Trincomalee Campus of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka  Bachelor of Science in Accounting & Financial Management  Bachelor of Science in Marketing Management  Bachelor of Science in Human Resources Management  Bachelor of Science in Information Management Vavuniya Campus of University of Jaffna  Bachelor of Business Management  Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Accounting & Finance  Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Marketing Management  Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Business Economics  Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Human Resource Management', '022W'),
(49, 22, 17, 458, 3, 'Candidates who have satisfied the minimum requirements for admission having offered any three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination are eligible to seek admission to follow a degree course in Management Studies (TV) at one of the following universities. 1. Trincomalee Campus, Eastern University, Sri Lanka 2. Vavuniya Campus of the University of Jaffna However, when selecting students, it will be ensured that at least 60% of the intake to the Vavuniya Campus of the University of Jaffna and at least 40% of the intake to the Trincomalee Campus of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka will be from the students in the Commerce Stream. Students admitted to a three year degree programme may proceed to the fourth year if they so desire and satisfy the requirements of the University. In the fourth year students will be offered extra modules of courses relevant to the areas of specialization as determined by the Faculty/Senate of the University. Names of the universities and the degree programmes available: Trincomalee Campus of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka  Bachelor of Science in Accounting & Financial Management  Bachelor of Science in Marketing Management  Bachelor of Science in Human Resources Management  Bachelor of Science in Information Management Vavuniya Campus of University of Jaffna  Bachelor of Business Management  Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Accounting & Finance  Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Marketing Management  Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Business Economics  Bachelor of Business Management Honours in Human Resource Management', '022R'),
(50, 77, 3, 80, 4, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades for following three subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Business Studies  Economics  Accounting or At least two subjects given above and the third subject from the subjects given below;  Information & Communication Technology  Combined Mathematics  Logic & Scientific Method  Business Statistics  Physics.  Degree Programme : Business Information Systems (Honours)  Available University : University of Sri Jayewardenepura  Duration : 04 years', '077C'),
(51, 1, 1, 1864, 5, 'Duration: 05 Years', '001A'),
(52, 1, 2, 1864, 5, 'Duration: 05 Years', '001B'),
(53, 1, 3, 1864, 5, 'Duration: 05 Years', '001C'),
(54, 1, 4, 1864, 5, 'Duration: 05 Years', '001D'),
(55, 1, 6, 1864, 5, 'Duration: 05 Years', '001E'),
(56, 1, 7, 1864, 5, 'Duration: 05 Years', '001F'),
(57, 1, 8, 1864, 5, 'Duration: 05 Years', '001H'),
(58, 1, 10, 1864, 5, 'Duration: 05 Years', '001K'),
(59, 1, 12, 1864, 5, 'Duration: 05 Years', '001M'),
(60, 1, 11, 1864, 5, 'Duration: 05 Years', '001L'),
(61, 1, 5, 1864, 5, 'Duration: 05 Years', '001G'),
(62, 2, 2, 153, 5, 'Duration: 05 Years', '002B'),
(63, 2, 3, 153, 5, 'Duration: 05 Years', '002C'),
(64, 3, 2, 130, 5, 'Duration: 05 Years', '003B'),
(65, 39, 2, 221, 4, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. (i) Chemistry; Physics; and Biology (ii) Chemistry; Physics or Mathematics; Biology or Agricultural Science (iii) Chemistry; Biology; Agricultural Science or Mathematics  Degree Programme : B.Sc. in Agricultural Technology & Management  Available University : University of Peradeniya  Duration : 04 years', '039B'),
(66, 4, 6, 889, 4, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. (i) Chemistry; Physics; and Biology (ii) Chemistry; Physics or Mathematics; Biology or Agricultural Science (iii) Chemistry; Biology; Agricultural Science or Mathematics Degree Programmes : Bachelor of Science Honours in Agriculture', '004E'),
(67, 4, 8, 889, 4, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. (i) Chemistry; Physics; and Biology (ii) Chemistry; Physics or Mathematics; Biology or Agricultural Science (iii) Chemistry; Biology; Agricultural Science or Mathematics Degree Programmes : Bachelor of Science Honours in Agriculture', '004H'),
(68, 4, 10, 889, 4, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. (i) Chemistry; Physics; and Biology (ii) Chemistry; Physics or Mathematics; Biology or Agricultural Science (iii) Chemistry; Biology; Agricultural Science or Mathematics Degree Programmes : Bachelor of Science Honours in Agriculture', '004K'),
(69, 4, 11, 889, 4, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. (i) Chemistry; Physics; and Biology (ii) Chemistry; Physics or Mathematics; Biology or Agricultural Science (iii) Chemistry; Biology; Agricultural Science or Mathematics Degree Programmes : Bachelor of Science in Agriculture', '004L'),
(70, 4, 12, 889, 4, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. (i) Chemistry; Physics; and Biology (ii) Chemistry; Physics or Mathematics; Biology or Agricultural Science (iii) Chemistry; Biology; Agricultural Science or Mathematics Degree Programmes : Bachelor of Science Honours in Agriculture', '004M'),
(71, 5, 12, 164, 4, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. (i) Chemistry; Physics; and Biology (ii) Chemistry; Physics or Mathematics; Biology or Agricultural Science (iii) Chemistry; Biology; Agricultural Science or Mathematics  Degree Programme : Bachelor of Science Honours in Food Science & Nutrition [BScHons (Food Sc & Nutr)]  Available University : Wayamba University of Sri Lanka  Duration : 04 years  Fields of Specialization : Food Science & Technology Applied Nutrition', '005M'),
(72, 35, 2, 218, 4, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination.  Degree Programme : B.Sc. Honours in Food Science & Technology  Duration : 04 years', '035B'),
(73, 35, 3, 218, 4, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination.  Degree Programme : B.Sc. Honours in Food Science & Technology [BScHons (FST)]  Duration : 04 years', '035C'),
(74, 35, 11, 218, 4, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination.  Degree Programme : B.Sc. Honours in Food Science & Technology  Duration : 04 years', '035L'),
(75, 32, 18, 383, 6, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination.  Degree Programme : Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery (B.A.M.S)  Duration : 06 years [05 academic years and 01-year (final) internship]  Medium of Instructions : English', '032N'),
(76, 32, 19, 383, 6, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination.  Degree Programme : Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery (B.A.M.S)  Duration : 06 years [05 academic years and 01-year (final) internship]  Medium of Instructions : English', '032P'),
(77, 33, 18, 89, 6, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination.  Degree Programme : Bachelor of Unani Medicine and Surgery (B.U.M.S.)  Available University : Institute of Indigenous Medicine, University of Colombo  Duration : 06 years [05 academic years and 01-year (final) internship]  Medium of Instructions : English', '033N'),
(78, 36, 6, 247, 6, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination  Degree Programme : Bachelor of Siddha Medicine and Surgery (B.S.M.S.)  Available Universities : University of Jaffna Trincomalee Campus of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka  Duration : 06 years [05 academic years and 01-year (final) internship]  Medium of Instructions : University of Jaffna - Tamil Trincomalee Campus of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka - English', '036E'),
(79, 36, 16, 247, 6, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination  Degree Programme : Bachelor of Siddha Medicine and Surgery (B.S.M.S.)  Available Universities : University of Jaffna Trincomalee Campus of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka  Duration : 06 years [05 academic years and 01-year (final) internship]  Medium of Instructions : University of Jaffna - Tamil Trincomalee Campus of the Eastern University, Sri Lanka - English', '036W'),
(80, 6, 1, 1686, 4, 'Minimum eligibility requirements for admission : At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination;  Agricultural Science  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Combined Mathematics  Physics  Degree Programme : B.Sc. in Biological Science  Available Universities : University of Colombo University of Peradeniya University of Sri Jayewardenepura University of Kelaniya University of Jaffna University of Ruhuna Eastern University, Sri Lanka South Eastern University of Sri Lanka', '006A'),
(81, 6, 2, 1686, 3, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination;  Agricultural Science  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Combined Mathematics  Physics', '006B'),
(82, 6, 3, 1686, 3, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination;  Agricultural Science  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Combined Mathematics  Physics ACADEMIC YEAR 2020/2021 - 51 ', '006C'),
(83, 6, 4, 1686, 3, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination;  Agricultural Science  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Combined Mathematics  Physics ACADEMIC YEAR 2020/2021 - 51 ', '006D'),
(84, 6, 6, 1686, 3, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination;  Agricultural Science  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Combined Mathematics  Physics ACADEMIC YEAR 2020/2021 - 51 ', '006E'),
(85, 6, 7, 1686, 3, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination;  Agricultural Science  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Combined Mathematics  Physics ACADEMIC YEAR 2020/2021 - 51 ', '006F'),
(86, 6, 8, 1686, 3, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination;  Agricultural Science  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Combined Mathematics  Physics ACADEMIC YEAR 2020/2021 - 51 ', '006H'),
(87, 6, 9, 1686, 3, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination;  Agricultural Science  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Combined Mathematics  Physics ACADEMIC YEAR 2020/2021 - 51 ', '006J'),
(88, 7, 10, 410, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Agricultural Science  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Combined Mathematics  Physics', '007K'),
(89, 7, 11, 410, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Agricultural Science  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Combined Mathematics  Physics Names of the degree programm', '007L'),
(90, 7, 17, 410, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Agricultural Science  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Combined Mathematics  Physics Names of the degree programm', '007R'),
(91, 50, 10, 103, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Agricultural Science  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Combined Mathematics  Physics  Degree Programmes : B.Sc. ', '050K'),
(92, 37, 2, 559, -1, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. In addition to that, at least a ‘S’ pass in English at the G.C.E. (Ordinary Level) Examination.', '037B'),
(93, 37, 3, 559, -1, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. In addition to that, at least a ‘S’ pass in English at the G.C.E. (Ordinary Level) Examination.', '037C'),
(94, 37, 6, 559, -1, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. In addition to that, at least a ‘S’ pass in English at the G.C.E. (Ordinary Level) Examination.', '037E'),
(95, 37, 7, 559, -1, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. In addition to that, at least a ‘S’ pass in English at the G.C.E. (Ordinary Level) Examination.', '037F'),
(96, 37, 8, 559, -1, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. In addition to that, at least a ‘S’ pass in English at the G.C.E. (Ordinary Level) Examination.', '037H'),
(97, 37, 1, 559, -1, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. In addition to that, at least a ‘S’ pass in English at the G.C.E. (Ordinary Level) Examination.', '037A'),
(98, 51, 2, 227, -1, 'At least a ‘C’ grade in Chemistry and ‘S’ grades in Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. In addition to that, at least a ‘S’ pass in English at the G.C.E. (Ordinary Level) Examination.', '051B'),
(99, 51, 3, 227, -1, 'At least a ‘C’ grade in Chemistry and ‘S’ grades in Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. In addition to that, at least a ‘S’ pass in English at the G.C.E. (Ordinary Level) Examination.', '051C'),
(100, 51, 6, 227, -1, 'At least a ‘C’ grade in Chemistry and ‘S’ grades in Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. In addition to that, at least a ‘S’ pass in English at the G.C.E. (Ordinary Level) Examination.', '051E'),
(101, 51, 7, 227, -1, 'At least a ‘C’ grade in Chemistry and ‘S’ grades in Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. In addition to that, at least a ‘S’ pass in English at the G.C.E. (Ordinary Level) Examination.', '051F'),
(102, 53, 2, 68, -1, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. In addition to that, at least a ‘S’ pass in English at the G.C.E. (Ordinary Level) Examination. University of Peradeniya offers a 120 credit curriculum', '053B'),
(103, 54, 1, 101, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Physics, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Biology  Mathematics  Higher Mathematics  Combined Mathematics In addition to that, at least a ‘S’ pass in English', '054A'),
(104, 54, 2, 101, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Physics, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Biology  Mathematics  Higher Mathematics  Combined Mathematics In addition to that, at least a ‘S’ pass in English', '054B'),
(105, 58, 1, 80, -1, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination.  Degree Programmes : B.Sc. Duration : 03 years : B.Sc. Honours (Biochemistry & Molecular Biology) Duration : 04 years B.Sc. Honours (Molecular Biology', '058A'),
(106, 62, 7, 120, 4, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Physics and Biology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination.  Degree Programme : B.Sc. Honours in Fisheries and Marine Sciences  Fields of Specialization : Fisheries Sciences Aquaculture  Medium : English', '062F'),
(107, 55, 4, 109, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Physics  Combined Mathematics  Mathematics  Agricultural Science ACADEMIC YEAR 2020/2021 - 56 - UNIVERSITY GRANTS ', '055D'),
(108, 86, 2, 74, 4, 'At least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination; (i) Chemistry, Biology and Physics (ii) Chemistry, Biology and Agricultural Science  Degree Programme : B.Sc. in Animal Science & Fisherie', '086B'),
(109, 87, 12, 139, 4, 'At least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination; (i) Chemistry; Physics; and Biology (ii) Chemistry; Physics or Mathematics; Biology or Agricultural Science (iii) Chemistry; Biology; Agric', '087M'),
(110, 93, 7, 181, 4, 'At least three ‘S’ grades for one of the following combinations of subjects at G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination; (i) Chemistry; Physics; and Biology (ii) Chemistry; Physics or Mathematics; Biology or Agricultural Science (iii) Chemistry; Biology; Agric', '093F'),
(111, 94, 7, 78, 4, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination;  Physics  Agricultural Science  Food Technology /Bio - Resource Technology/Agro Technology  Degree Programme : B.Sc.', '094F'),
(112, 95, 7, 72, 4, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination;  Physics  Agricultural Science  Food Technology/Bio - Resource Technology/Agro Technology In addition to that, at lea', '095F'),
(113, 67, 13, 108, 4, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination;  Agricultural Science  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Combined Mathematics  Physics  Degree Programme : Bachelor', '067U'),
(114, 73, 13, 105, 4, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E.(Advanced Level) Examination;  Agricultural Science  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Combined Mathematics  Physics ACADEMIC YEAR 2020/2021 - 59 ', '073U'),
(115, 88, 13, 114, 4, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Biology, Chemistry and the third subject from the following subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Agricultural Science  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Combined Mathematics  Physics  Degree Programme : Bachelo', '088U'),
(116, 8, 2, 2213, -1, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Combined Mathematics and Physics at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination.  Fields of specialization available are :   Civil Engineering  Chemical & Process Engineering  Computer Engineering  Electrical & Elec', '008B'),
(117, 8, 6, 2213, -1, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Combined Mathematics and Physics at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Fields of specialization available are :   Civil Engineering  Electrical and Electronic Engineering  Mechanical Engineering  Computer ', '008E'),
(118, 8, 7, 2213, -1, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Combined Mathematics and Physics at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Fields of specialization available are :   Civil and Environmental Engineering  Electrical and Information Engineering  Mechanical and ', '008F'),
(119, 8, 5, 2213, -1, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Combined Mathematics and Physics at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Fields of specialization available are :   Biomedical Engineering  Electrical Engineering  Chemical & Process Engineering  Electronic ', '008G'),
(120, 8, 9, 2213, -1, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Combined Mathematics and Physics at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Fields of specialization available are :   Civil Engineering  Electrical Engineering #  Electronic Engineering #  Mechanical Engineeri', '008J'),
(121, 8, 3, 2213, -1, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Combined Mathematics and Physics at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination. Fields of specialization available are :   Civil Engineering  Computer Engineering  Electrical and E', '008C'),
(122, 9, 5, 80, 4, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Combined Mathematics and Physics at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination', '009G'),
(123, 10, 5, 98, 4, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Combined Mathematics and Physics at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination  Degree Programme : Bachelor of the Science of Engineering Honours in Textile & Apparel Engineering [BScEngHons (Textile & Apparel Enginee', '010G'),
(124, 13, 1, 2327, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in following three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination and the three subjects must include; 1. Combined Mathematics or Higher Mathematics and 2. Chemistry or Physics and the third subject from the list given below;  Ag', '013A'),
(125, 13, 2, 2327, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in following three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination and the three subjects must include; 1. Combined Mathematics or Higher Mathematics and 2. Chemistry or Physics and the third subject from the list given below;  Ag', '013B'),
(126, 13, 3, 2327, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in following three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination and the three subjects must include; 1. Combined Mathematics or Higher Mathematics and 2. Chemistry or Physics and the third subject from the list given below;  Ag', '013C'),
(127, 13, 4, 2327, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in following three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination and the three subjects must include; 1. Combined Mathematics or Higher Mathematics and 2. Chemistry or Physics and the third subject from the list given below;  Ag', '013D'),
(128, 13, 6, 2327, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in following three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination and the three subjects must include; 1. Combined Mathematics or Higher Mathematics and 2. Chemistry or Physics and the third subject from the list given below;  Ag', '013E'),
(129, 13, 7, 2327, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in following three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination and the three subjects must include; 1. Combined Mathematics or Higher Mathematics and 2. Chemistry or Physics and the third subject from the list given below;  Ag', '013F'),
(130, 13, 8, 2327, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in following three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination and the three subjects must include; 1. Combined Mathematics or Higher Mathematics and 2. Chemistry or Physics and the third subject from the list given below;  Ag', '013H'),
(131, 13, 9, 2327, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in following three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination and the three subjects must include; 1. Combined Mathematics or Higher Mathematics and 2. Chemistry or Physics and the third subject from the list given below;  Ag', '013J'),
(132, 12, 6, 647, 3, 'At least a ‘C’ grade in Combined Mathematics or Physics or Higher Mathematics; and At least ‘S’ grades in two other subjects listed below at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Combined Mathematics  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Physics  Che', '012E'),
(133, 12, 7, 647, 3, 'At least a ‘C’ grade in Combined Mathematics or Physics or Higher Mathematics; and At least ‘S’ grades in two other subjects listed below at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Combined Mathematics  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Physics  Che', '012F'),
(134, 12, 20, 647, 3, 'At least a ‘C’ grade in Combined Mathematics or Physics or Higher Mathematics; and At least ‘S’ grades in two other subjects listed below at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Combined Mathematics  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Physics  Che', '012T'),
(135, 12, 16, 647, 3, 'At least a ‘C’ grade in Combined Mathematics or Physics or Higher Mathematics; and At least ‘S’ grades in two other subjects listed below at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Combined Mathematics  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Physics  Che', '012W'),
(136, 12, 4, 647, 3, 'At least a ‘C’ grade in Combined Mathematics or Physics or Higher Mathematics; and At least ‘S’ grades in two other subjects listed below at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination;  Combined Mathematics  Higher Mathematics  Mathematics  Physics  Che', '012D'),
(137, 15, 10, 768, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in following three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination and the three subjects must include; 1. Combined Mathematics or Higher Mathematics and 2. Chemistry or Physics and the third subject from the list given below;  Ag', '015K'),
(138, 15, 11, 768, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in following three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination and the three subjects must include; 1. Combined Mathematics or Higher Mathematics and 2. Chemistry or Physics and the third subject from the list given below;  Ag', '015L'),
(139, 15, 12, 768, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in following three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination and the three subjects must include; 1. Combined Mathematics or Higher Mathematics and 2. Chemistry or Physics and the third subject from the list given below;  Ag', '015M'),
(140, 15, 17, 768, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in following three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination and the three subjects must include; 1. Combined Mathematics or Higher Mathematics and 2. Chemistry or Physics and the third subject from the list given below;  Ag', '015R'),
(141, 15, 16, 768, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in following three subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination and the three subjects must include; 1. Combined Mathematics or Higher Mathematics and 2. Chemistry or Physics and the third subject from the list given below;  Ag', '015W'),
(142, 57, 5, 91, 4, 'At least three ‘S’ grades in Chemistry, Combined Mathematics and Physics at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination.  Degree Programme : Bachelor of the Science of Engineering Honours in Transport Management & Logistics Engineering [BScEngHons (Transport', '057G'),
(143, 59, 1, 121, -1, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Combined Mathematics and any two subjects given below, at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination; • Higher Mathematics • Physics • Chemistry  Degree Programmes : B.Sc. (General Degree) Duration : 03 years B.Sc. (General Degree) Du', '059A'),
(144, 60, 2, 79, 4, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Combined Mathematics and two of the following subjects at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination; • Biology • Chemistry • Physics • Agricultural Science • Mathematics • Higher Mathematics • Information & Communication Technology  ', '060B'),
(145, 108, 3, 156, 3, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Combined Mathematics, Physics and Information and Communication Technology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination.  Degree Programmes : B.Sc. in Physics and ICT [BSc (PICT)]', '108C'),
(146, 108, 4, 156, 3, 'At least ‘S’ grades in Combined Mathematics, Physics and Information and Communication Technology at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level) Examination.  Degree Programmes : B.Sc. in Physics and Electronics', '108D'),
(147, 102, 3, 1301, -1, 'At least “S” grades for Engineering Technology (ET), Science for Technology (SFT) and for third subject from among;  Economics  Geography  Home Economics  English  Communication and Media Studies  Information & Communication Technology  Art  Busin', '102C'),
(148, 102, 4, 1301, -1, 'At least “S” grades for Engineering Technology (ET), Science for Technology (SFT) and for third subject from among;  Economics  Geography  Home Economics  English  Communication and Media Studies  Information & Communication Technology  Art  Busin', '102D'),
(149, 102, 6, 1301, -1, 'At least “S” grades for Engineering Technology (ET), Science for Technology (SFT) and for third subject from among;  Economics  Geography  Home Economics  English  Communication and Media Studies  Information & Communication Technology  Art  Busin', '102E'),
(150, 102, 7, 1301, -1, 'At least “S” grades for Engineering Technology (ET), Science for Technology (SFT) and for third subject from among;  Economics  Geography  Home Economics  English  Communication and Media Studies  Information & Communication Technology  Art  Busin', '102F'),
(151, 102, 10, 1301, -1, 'At least “S” grades for Engineering Technology (ET), Science for Technology (SFT) and for third subject from among;  Economics  Geography  Home Economics  English  Communication and Media Studies  Information & Communication Technology  Art  Busin', '102K'),
(152, 102, 13, 1301, -1, 'At least “S” grades for Engineering Technology (ET), Science for Technology (SFT) and for third subject from among;  Economics  Geography  Home Economics  English  Communication and Media Studies  Information & Communication Technology  Art  Busin', '102U'),
(153, 102, 12, 1301, -1, 'At least “S” grades for Engineering Technology (ET), Science for Technology (SFT) and for third subject from among;  Economics  Geography  Home Economics  English  Communication and Media Studies  Information & Communication Technology  Art  Busin', '102M'),
(154, 102, 1, 1301, -1, 'At least “S” grades for Engineering Technology (ET), Science for Technology (SFT) and for third subject from among;  Economics  Geography  Home Economics  English  Communication and Media Studies  Information & Communication Technology  Art  Busin', '102A'),
(155, 102, 11, 1301, -1, 'At least “S” grades for Engineering Technology (ET), Science for Technology (SFT) and for third subject from among;  Economics  Geography  Home Economics  English  Communication and Media Studies  Information & Communication Technology  Art  Busin', '102L'),
(156, 103, 3, 1221, -1, 'At least “S” grades for Biosystems Technology (BST), Science for Technology (SFT) and for third subject from among;  Economics  Geography  Home Economics  English  Communication and Media Studies  Information & Communication Technology  Art  Busin', '103C'),
(157, 103, 6, 1221, -1, 'At least “S” grades for Biosystems Technology (BST), Science for Technology (SFT) and for third subject from among;  Economics  Geography  Home Economics  English  Communication and Media Studies  Information & Communication Technology  Art  Busin', '103E'),
(158, 103, 8, 1221, -1, 'At least “S” grades for Biosystems Technology (BST), Science for Technology (SFT) and for third subject from among;  Economics  Geography  Home Economics  English  Communication and Media Studies  Information & Communication Technology  Art  Busin', '103H'),
(159, 103, 10, 1221, -1, 'At least “S” grades for Biosystems Technology (BST), Science for Technology (SFT) and for third subject from among;  Economics  Geography  Home Economics  English  Communication and Media Studies  Information & Communication Technology  Art  Busin', '103K'),
(160, 103, 9, 1221, -1, 'At least “S” grades for Biosystems Technology (BST), Science for Technology (SFT) and for third subject from among;  Economics  Geography  Home Economics  English  Communication and Media Studies  Information & Communication Technology  Art  Busin', '103J'),
(161, 103, 13, -1, -1, '-1', '103U'),
(162, 103, 12, -1, -1, '-1', '103M'),
(163, 103, 1, -1, -1, '-1', '103A'),
(164, 103, 11, -1, -1, '-1', '103L'),
(165, 103, 7, -1, -1, '-1', '103F'),
(166, 38, 3, -1, -1, '-1', '104C'),
(167, 38, 4, -1, -1, '-1', '104D'),
(168, 38, 7, -1, -1, '-1', '104F'),
(170, 38, 9, -1, -1, '-1', '104J'),
(171, 38, 17, -1, -1, '-1', '104R'),
(172, 38, 1, -1, -1, '-1', '104A'),
(173, 38, 13, -1, -1, '-1', '104U'),
(174, 26, 5, -1, -1, '-1', '026G'),
(175, 27, 4, -1, -1, '-1', '027D'),
(176, 11, 5, -1, -1, '-1', '011G'),
(177, 14, 11, -1, -1, '-1', '014L'),
(178, 30, 5, -1, -1, '-1', '030G'),
(179, 23, 5, -1, -1, '-1', '023G'),
(180, 34, 5, -1, -1, '-1', '034G'),
(181, 97, 5, -1, -1, '-1', '097G'),
(182, 24, 5, -1, -1, '-1', '024G'),
(183, 25, 1, -1, -1, '-1', '025A'),
(184, 25, 2, -1, -1, '-1', '025B'),
(185, 25, 6, -1, -1, '-1', '025E'),
(186, 56, 5, -1, -1, '-1', '056G'),
(187, 79, 9, -1, -1, '-1', '079J'),
(188, 64, 13, -1, -1, '-1', '064U'),
(189, 65, 13, -1, -1, '-1', '065U'),
(190, 66, 13, -1, -1, '-1', '066U'),
(191, 74, 13, -1, -1, '-1', '074U'),
(192, 75, 13, -1, -1, '-1', '075U'),
(193, 76, 13, -1, -1, '-1', '076U'),
(194, 89, 13, -1, -1, '-1', '089U'),
(195, 90, 13, -1, -1, '-1', '090U'),
(196, 81, 11, -1, -1, '-1', '081L'),
(197, 81, 6, -1, -1, '-1', '081E'),
(198, 82, 3, -1, -1, '-1', '082C'),
(199, 82, 11, -1, -1, '-1', '082L'),
(200, 82, 4, -1, -1, '-1', '082D'),
(201, 83, 4, -1, -1, '-1', '083D'),
(202, 91, 5, -1, -1, '-1', '091G'),
(203, 92, 10, -1, -1, '-1', '092K'),
(204, 92, 11, -1, -1, '-1', '092L'),
(205, 96, 20, -1, -1, '-1', '096T'),
(206, 98, 4, -1, -1, '-1', '098D'),
(207, 98, 6, -1, -1, '-1', '098E'),
(208, 98, 11, -1, -1, '-1', '098L'),
(209, 98, 8, -1, -1, '-1', '098H'),
(210, 100, 4, -1, -1, '-1', '100D'),
(211, 101, 17, -1, -1, '-1', '101R'),
(212, 38, 10, -1, -1, '-1', '038K'),
(213, 38, 17, -1, -1, '-1', '038R'),
(214, 99, 4, -1, -1, '-1', '099D'),
(215, 99, 11, -1, -1, '-1', '099L'),
(216, 107, 11, -1, -1, '-1', '107L'),
(217, 106, 7, -1, -1, '-1', '106F'),
(218, 109, 5, -1, -1, '-1', '109G'),
(219, 110, 4, -1, -1, '-1', '110D'),
(220, 111, 2, -1, -1, '-1', '111B'),
(221, 113, 7, -1, -1, '-1', '113F'),
(222, 114, 13, -1, -1, '-1', '114U'),
(223, 115, 3, -1, -1, '-1', '128C'),
(224, 116, 4, -1, -1, '-1', '127D'),
(225, 117, 4, -1, -1, '-1', '115D'),
(226, 118, 3, -1, -1, '-1', '116C'),
(227, 119, 4, -1, -1, '-1', '118D'),
(228, 120, 19, -1, -1, '-1', '120P'),
(229, 121, 3, -1, -1, '-1', '129C'),
(230, 122, 3, -1, -1, '-1', '130C'),
(231, 123, 11, -1, -1, '-1', '080L'),
(232, 124, 5, -1, -1, '-1', '117G'),
(233, 125, 4, -1, -1, '-1', '119D'),
(234, 126, 19, -1, -1, '-1', '121P'),
(235, 127, 19, -1, -1, '-1', '122P'),
(236, 128, 19, -1, -1, '-1', '123P'),
(237, 130, 19, -1, -1, '-1', '125P'),
(238, 129, 19, -1, -1, '-1', '124P'),
(239, 131, 19, -1, -1, '-1', '126P'),
(240, 41, 15, -1, -1, '-1', '041S'),
(241, 52, 2, -1, -1, '-1', '052B'),
(242, 52, 3, -1, -1, '-1', '052C'),
(243, 52, 6, -1, -1, '-1', '052E'),
(244, 52, 7, -1, -1, '-1', '052F'),
(245, 38, 10, -1, -1, '-1', '104K');


-- View
CREATE VIEW v_gov_course_and_university AS
	SELECT
	GovernmentCourseOfferedByGovermentUniversity.id AS id,
	GovernmentCourse.gov_course_id AS gov_course_id,
	GovernmentCourse.gov_course_name AS gov_course_name,
	GovermentUniversity.gov_uni_id AS gov_uni_id,
	GovermentUniversity.uni_name AS uni_name,
	GovernmentCourseOfferedByGovermentUniversity.unicode AS unicode,
	GovernmentCourseOfferedByGovermentUniversity.purposed_intake,
	GovernmentCourseOfferedByGovermentUniversity.duration,
	GovernmentCourseOfferedByGovermentUniversity.description,
	GovernmentCourse.stream_id AS stream_id
	FROM
	GovernmentCourseOfferedByGovermentUniversity
	INNER JOIN GovernmentCourse
	ON GovernmentCourseOfferedByGovermentUniversity.gov_course_id = GovernmentCourse.gov_course_id
	INNER JOIN GovermentUniversity
	ON GovernmentCourseOfferedByGovermentUniversity.gov_uni_id = GovermentUniversity.gov_uni_id
	ORDER BY GovernmentCourseOfferedByGovermentUniversity.id;

CREATE TABLE UniCodes (
  uni_code CHAR(4),
  gov_uni_id INT NOT NULL,
  gov_course_id INT NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY(uni_code),
  FOREIGN KEY(gov_uni_id)	REFERENCES GovermentUniversity(gov_uni_id),
  FOREIGN KEY(gov_course_id)	REFERENCES GovernmentCourse(gov_course_id)
);

-- data records for government courses
CREATE TABLE GovermentUniversityRankings (
  gov_uni_id INT NOT NULL,
  year INT NOT NULL,
  edition VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
  world_ranking INT,
  PRIMARY KEY(gov_uni_id, year, edition)
); 


-- FOR TESTING
CREATE TABLE Users (
	id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
	profile_image VARCHAR(255),
	first_name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	last_name VARCHAR(255),
	email VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	password VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	actor_type VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	specialized_actor_type VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	status	VARCHAR(15),
	PRIMARY KEY(id)
);


CREATE TABLE Posts (
	id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
	user_id INT NOT NULL,
	type VARCHAR(20),
	image VARCHAR(255),
	title VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	body LONGTEXT,
	applied INT,
	capacity INT,
	ups	INT,
	downs 	INT,
	shares	INT,
	views	INT,
	payed INT DEFAULT 0,
	created_at DATETIME NOT NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
	PRIMARY KEY(id),
	FOREIGN KEY(user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

-- STUDENT RELATED
-- Main student related tables

CREATE TABLE Student (
	stu_id INT NOT NULL,
	address VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	gender VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	date_of_birth VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	email VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	phn_no  VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	PRIMARY KEY(stu_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(stu_id)	REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

CREATE TABLE BeginnerStudent (
	stu_id INT NOT NULL,
	school  VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	PRIMARY KEY(stu_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(stu_id)	REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

CREATE TABLE OLSubject (
	ol_sub_id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
	ol_sub_name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	ol_category VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	ol_type	 VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	PRIMARY KEY(ol_sub_id)
);

INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Buddhism', 'Main', 'Religion');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Saivaneri (Hinduism / Shaivism)', 'Main', 'Religion');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('(Roman)Catholicim(RC)', 'Main', 'Religion');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Christianity(Non RC)', 'Main', 'Religion');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Islam', 'Main', 'Religion');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Sinhala Language and Literature', 'Main', 'Primary Language');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Tamil Language and Literature', 'Main', 'Primary Language');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('English', 'Main', 'Secondary Language');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('History', 'Main', 'History');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Science', 'Main', 'Science');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Mathematics', 'Main', 'Mathematics');

INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Business & Accounting Studies', 'Basket 1', 'Commerce');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Geography', 'Basket 1', 'Geography');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Civic Education', 'Basket 1', 'Education');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Entrepreneurship Studies', 'Basket 1', 'Entrepreneurship');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Second Language(Sinhala)', 'Basket 1', 'Language');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Second Language(Tamil)', 'Basket 1', 'Language');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Pali', 'Basket 1', 'Language');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Sanskrit', 'Basket 1', 'Language');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('French', 'Basket 1', 'Language');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('German', 'Basket 1', 'Language');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Hindi', 'Basket 1', 'Language');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Japanese', 'Basket 1', 'Language');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Arabic', 'Basket 1', 'Language');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Korean', 'Basket 1', 'Language');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Chinese', 'Basket 1', 'Language');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Russian', 'Basket 1', 'Language');

INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Oriental Music', 'Basket 2', 'Music');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Western Music', 'Basket 2', 'Music');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Carnatic Music', 'Basket 2', 'Music');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Oriental Dancing', 'Basket 2', 'Dance');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Bharatha Dancing', 'Basket 2', 'Dance');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Art', 'Basket 2', 'Art');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Appreciation of English Literary Texts', 'Basket 2', 'Literary Texts');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Appreciation of Sinhala Literary Texts', 'Basket 2', 'Literary Texts');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Appreciation of Tamil Literary Texts', 'Basket 2', 'Literary Texts');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Appreciation of Arabic Literary Texts', 'Basket 2', 'Literary Texts');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Drama and Theatre', 'Basket 2', 'Drama');

INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Information & Communication Technology', 'Basket 3', 'IT');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Agriculture & Food Technology', 'Basket 3', 'Agriculture');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Aquatic Vio-resources Technology', 'Basket 3', 'Aquatics');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Art & Crafts', 'Basket 3', 'Art');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Home Economics', 'Basket 3', 'Economics');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Health & Physical Education', 'Basket 3', 'Health');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Communication & Media Studies', 'Basket 3', 'Technology(Communicaiton)');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Design & Construction Technology', 'Basket 3', 'Technology(Communicaiton)');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Design & Mechanical Technology', 'Basket 3', 'Technology(Communicaiton)');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Design, Electrical & Electronic Technology', 'Basket 3', 'Technology(Communicaiton)');
INSERT INTO OLSubject(ol_sub_name, ol_category, ol_type) VALUES('Electronic Writing & Shorthand', 'Basket 3', 'Technology(Communicaiton)');


CREATE TABLE OLQualifiedStudent (
	stu_id INT NOT NULL,
	ol_school  VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	ol_district  VARCHAR(100) NOT NULL,
	ol_sub1_id INT NOT NULL,
	ol_sub1_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	ol_sub2_id INT NOT NULL,
	ol_sub2_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	ol_sub3_id INT NOT NULL,
	ol_sub3_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	ol_sub4_id INT NOT NULL,
	ol_sub4_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	ol_sub5_id INT NOT NULL,
	ol_sub5_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	ol_sub6_id INT NOT NULL,
	ol_sub6_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	ol_sub7_id INT NOT NULL,
	ol_sub7_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	ol_sub8_id INT NOT NULL,
	ol_sub8_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	ol_sub9_id INT NOT NULL,
	ol_sub9_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	PRIMARY KEY(stu_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(stu_id)	REFERENCES Student(stu_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(ol_sub1_id)	REFERENCES OLSubject(ol_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(ol_sub2_id)	REFERENCES OLSubject(ol_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(ol_sub3_id)	REFERENCES OLSubject(ol_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(ol_sub4_id)	REFERENCES OLSubject(ol_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(ol_sub5_id)	REFERENCES OLSubject(ol_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(ol_sub6_id)	REFERENCES OLSubject(ol_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(ol_sub7_id)	REFERENCES OLSubject(ol_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(ol_sub8_id)	REFERENCES OLSubject(ol_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(ol_sub9_id)	REFERENCES OLSubject(ol_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(stu_id)	REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);




CREATE TABLE ALSubject (
	al_sub_id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
	al_sub_name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	al_stream_id INT NOT NULL,
	PRIMARY KEY(al_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(al_stream_id)	REFERENCES Stream(stream_id)
);

INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Arabic', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Art', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Bharatha Natayam', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Buddhism', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Buddhist Civilization', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Chinese', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Christian Civilization', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Christianity', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Communication and Media Studies', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Dance', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Economics', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('English', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('French', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Geography', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('German', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Greek and Roman Civilization', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Hindi Language', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Hindu Civilization', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Hinduism', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('History', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Home Economics', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Islam', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Islamic Civilization', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Japan Language', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Logic and Scientific Method', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Oriental Music', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Pali Language', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Political Science', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Russia', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Sanskrit', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Sinhala', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Tamil', 1);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Western Music', 1);

INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Accounting', 2);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Business', 2);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Statistics Business', 2);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Studies Economics', 2);

INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Agriculture', 3);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Bio System Technology', 3);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Biology', 3);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Chemistry', 3);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Physics', 3);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Science for Technology', 3);

INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Chemistry', 4);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Combine Mathematics', 4);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Higher Mathematics', 4);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Physics', 4);

INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Agro Technology', 5);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Engineering Technology', 5);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('General Information Technology', 5);
INSERT INTO ALSubject(al_sub_name, al_stream_id) VALUES('Information & Communication Technology', 5);

CREATE TABLE GovernmentCourseMinimumEligibilityReqUsingALSubjects (
  min_req_id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  gov_course_id INT NOT NULL,
  al_sub1_id INT NOT NULL,
  minimum_al_sub1_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
  al_sub2_id INT NOT NULL,
  minimum_al_sub2_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
  al_sub3_id INT NOT NULL,
  minimum_al_sub3_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY(min_req_id),
  FOREIGN KEY(al_sub1_id)	REFERENCES ALSubject(al_sub_id),
  FOREIGN KEY(al_sub2_id)	REFERENCES ALSubject(al_sub_id),
  FOREIGN KEY(al_sub3_id)	REFERENCES ALSubject(al_sub_id)
);


CREATE TABLE ALQualifiedStudent (
	stu_id INT NOT NULL,
	al_school  VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	stream  VARCHAR(20) NOT NULL,
	z_score DECIMAL(5, 4),
	al_district  VARCHAR(100) NOT NULL,
	al_general_test_grade INT NOT NULL,
	al_general_english_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	al_sub1_id INT NOT NULL,
	al_sub1_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	al_sub2_id INT NOT NULL,
	al_sub2_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	al_sub3_id INT NOT NULL,
	al_sub3_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	PRIMARY KEY(stu_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(stu_id)	REFERENCES Student(stu_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(al_sub1_id)	REFERENCES ALSubject(al_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(al_sub2_id)	REFERENCES ALSubject(al_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(al_sub3_id)	REFERENCES ALSubject(al_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(stu_id)	REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

CREATE TABLE UndergraduateGraduate (
	stu_id INT NOT NULL,
	degree  VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	uni_type VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	uni_name  VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	gpa DECIMAL(5, 4),
	PRIMARY KEY(stu_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(stu_id)	REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);









CREATE TABLE ALAdmissibleStreamSubject (
	stream_sbj_id INT NOT NULL,
	sub1_id INT NOT NULL,
	sub2_id INT NOT NULL,
	sub3_id INT NOT NULL,
	stream_id INT NOT NULL,
	PRIMARY KEY(stream_sbj_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(sub1_id)	REFERENCES ALSubject(al_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(sub2_id)	REFERENCES ALSubject(al_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(sub3_id)	REFERENCES ALSubject(al_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(stream_id)	REFERENCES Stream(stream_id)
);

-- Main relationships inside student
CREATE TABLE SteamSelectedByALQualifiedStudent (
	stu_id  INT NOT NULL,
	stream_id  INT NOT NULL,
	PRIMARY KEY(stu_id, stream_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(stu_id)	REFERENCES ALQualifiedStudent(stu_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(stream_id)	REFERENCES Stream(stream_id)
);

CREATE TABLE ALAdmissibleStreamSubjectSelected (
	stu_id INT NOT NULL,
	stream_sbj_id INT NOT NULL,
	ol_sub1_id INT NOT NULL,
	ol_sub2_id INT NOT NULL,
	ol_sub3_id INT NOT NULL,
	ol_sub1_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	ol_sub2_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	ol_sub3_grade CHAR NOT NULL,
	PRIMARY KEY(stu_id, stream_sbj_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(stu_id)	REFERENCES ALQualifiedStudent(stu_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(stream_sbj_id)	REFERENCES ALAdmissibleStreamSubject(stream_sbj_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(ol_sub1_id)	REFERENCES OLSubject(ol_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(ol_sub2_id)	REFERENCES OLSubject(ol_sub_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(ol_sub3_id)	REFERENCES OLSubject(ol_sub_id)
);




-- ORGANIZATION RELATED 
CREATE TABLE Organization (
  org_id int(11) NOT NULL,
  address varchar(255) NOT NULL,
  email varchar(255) NOT NULL,
  password VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
  phone_no char(10) NOT NULL,
  website_address VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
  founder varchar(255) not null,
  founded_year int not null,
  org_type varchar(50) NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY(org_id),
  FOREIGN KEY(org_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
); 


CREATE TABLE Company (
  company_id int(11) NOT NULL,
  current_emplyee_amount int not null,
  company_size int not null,
  registered  varchar(3) not null,
  overview varchar(255) not null,
  services varchar(255) not null,
  PRIMARY KEY(company_id),
  FOREIGN KEY(company_id) REFERENCES Organization(org_id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);


CREATE TABLE PrivateUniversity (
  privateuni_id int(11) NOT NULL,
  ugc_approval varchar(3) NOT NULL,
  world_rank int not null,
  student_amount int not null,
  graduate_job_rate int not null,
  description varchar(255) not null,
  uni_type varchar(20) not null,
  PRIMARY KEY(privateuni_id),
  FOREIGN KEY(privateuni_id) REFERENCES Organization(org_id) ON DELETE CASCADE
); 

-- replaced as job advertisements
CREATE TABLE Jobs (
  job_id int(11) NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  paid_date DATE NOT NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
  company_id int(11) NOT NULL,
  post_id INT,
  PRIMARY KEY(job_id),
  FOREIGN KEY(company_id) REFERENCES Company(company_id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  FOREIGN KEY(post_id) REFERENCES Posts(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
); 

-- replaced as coursepost
CREATE TABLE PrivateCourses (
  privatecourse_id int(11) NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  provide_degree VARCHAR(255),
  course_fee varchar(50) NULL,
  private_uni_id int(11) NOT NULL,
  post_id INT,
  PRIMARY KEY(privatecourse_id),
  FOREIGN KEY(private_uni_id) REFERENCES PrivateUniversity(privateuni_id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  FOREIGN KEY(post_id) REFERENCES Posts(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);  
 
 
CREATE TABLE JobApplicants (
  job_apply_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
  user_id INT NOT NULL,  
  post_id INT NOT NULL,
  interaction VARCHAR(100),
  applied_date DATETIME NOT NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
  PRIMARY KEY(job_apply_id),
  FOREIGN KEY(user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  FOREIGN KEY(post_id) REFERENCES Posts(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
); 


CREATE TABLE IntakeNotices (
  notice_id int(11) NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  paid_date DATE NOT NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
  private_uni_id int(11) NOT NULL,
  post_id INT,
  PRIMARY KEY(notice_id),
  FOREIGN KEY(private_uni_id) REFERENCES PrivateUniversity(privateuni_id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  FOREIGN KEY(post_id) REFERENCES Posts(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
); 


-- MENTOR RELATED
CREATE TABLE Mentor (
    mentor_id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
    email VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    phn_no Int(10) NOT NULL,
    address VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    gender VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    mentor_type VARCHAR(20) NOT NULL,
    institute VARCHAR(255),
    password VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    PRIMARY KEY(mentor_id)
);
 
CREATE TABLE Teacher (
    teacher_id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
    mentor_id INT NOT NULL,
    school VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    subjects VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    PRIMARY KEY(teacher_id),
    FOREIGN KEY(mentor_id) REFERENCES Mentor(mentor_id)
);
 
CREATE TABLE Profguide (
    guider_id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
    mentor_id INT NOT NULL,
    institute VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    subject1 VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    subject2 VARCHAR(255),
    subject3 VARCHAR(255),
    PRIMARY KEY(guider_id),
    FOREIGN KEY(mentor_id) REFERENCES Mentor(mentor_id)
);
 
CREATE TABLE TeacherEnrollments (
  enroll_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
  user_id INT NOT NULL,  
  post_id INT NOT NULL,
  interaction VARCHAR(100),
  applied_date TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
  PRIMARY KEY(enroll_id),
  FOREIGN KEY(user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  FOREIGN KEY(post_id) REFERENCES Posts(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
); 

CREATE TABLE ProfGuiderEnrollments (
  enroll_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
  user_id INT NOT NULL,  
  post_id INT NOT NULL,
  interaction VARCHAR(100),
  applied_date TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
  PRIMARY KEY(enroll_id),
  FOREIGN KEY(user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  FOREIGN KEY(post_id) REFERENCES Posts(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
); 

-- ADMIN RELATED
CREATE TABLE Admin (
	admin_id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
    email VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    phone_number INT NOT NULL,
    user_role VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,	
    PRIMARY KEY (admin_id)
);

CREATE TABLE District (
    district_id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
    district_name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    PRIMARY KEY ( district_id)
);

CREATE TABLE Complaint (
    complaint_id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
    complaintsender_id INT NOT NULL,
    profile_id INT NOT NULL,
	sent_date DATETIME NOT NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
	PRIMARY KEY(complaint_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(complaintsender_id) REFERENCES Users(id),
	FOREIGN KEY(profile_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Colombo');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Gampaha');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Kalutara');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Kandy');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Matale');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Nuwara Eliya');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Galle');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Matara');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Hambanthota');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Jaffna');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Mannar');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Vauniya');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Mulathivu');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Kilinochchi');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Batticaloa');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Ampara');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Trincomalee');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Kurunegala');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Puttalam');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Anuradhapura');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Polonnaruwa');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Badulla');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Monaragala');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Rathnapura');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Kegalle');
INSERT INTO District(district_name) VALUES('Other');

CREATE TABLE City (
    city_id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
    city_name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    PRIMARY KEY ( city_id)
);

-- A
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Ambalanthota');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Akmeemana');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Akuressa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Ambalangoda');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Akurana');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Ambagamuwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Arachchikattuwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Agalawatta');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Alawwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Ayagama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Ampara');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Attanagalla');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Angunakolapelessa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Akkaraipattu');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Ambanganga Korale');
-- B
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Benthota');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Buttala');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Beliatta');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Bope-Poddala');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Beruwala');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Bandarawela');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Baddegama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Balapitiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Bentota');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Badulla');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Bandaragama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Balangoda');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Biyagama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Bibile');
-- C
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Colombo');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Chilaw');
-- D
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Dankotuwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Dimbulagala');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Doluwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Divulapitiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Dambulla');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Dodangoda');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Devinuwara');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Dickwella');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Delthota');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Deraniyagala');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Dehiattakandiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Dompe');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Delft');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Dehiovita');
-- E
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Embilipitiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Eravur Town');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Ella');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Eravur Pattu');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Elpitiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Eheliyagoda');
-- G
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Galgamuwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Galle');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Galewela');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Gampaha');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Godakawela');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Galigamuwa');
-- H
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Harispattuwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Hatharaliyadda');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Hikkaduwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Hali-Ela');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Haputale');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Hingurakgoda');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Haldummulla');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Hambantota');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Habaraduwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Hanguranketha');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Horana');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Homagama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Hanwella');
-- I
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Imaduwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Ipalogama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Imbulpe');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Ibbagamuwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Ingiriya');
-- J
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Jaffna');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Ja-Ela');
-- K
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Katunayake');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kalutara');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kaduwela');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kotapola');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kuchchaveli');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kesbewa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Koralai Pattu(Valachchenai)');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kekirawa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kuruwita');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kalpitiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kelaniya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kothmale');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kundasale');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kataragama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kandy');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kamburupitiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kegalle');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kolonna');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kurunegala');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kalawana');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kahawatta');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kobeigane');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kiriella');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kuliyapitiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kolonnawa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Kinniya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Katuwana');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Karandeniya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Karachchi');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Karuwalagaswewa');
-- L
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Lankapura');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Lunugamvehera');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Lahugala');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Laggala-Pallegama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Lunugala');
-- M
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mount Lavinia');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mathugama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mahiyanganaya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mannar');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Maharagama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Millaniya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Matale');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mihinthale');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mulatiyana');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Medadumbara');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mawathagama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mahara');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Moratuwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Minipe');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mawanella');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Matara');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Minuwangoda');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mahawewa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mahakumbukkadawala');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mirigama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Maspotha');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Monaragala');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Madulla');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mahawa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Medawachchiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mundalama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mirissa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Madurawala');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Mallawapitiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Medagama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Meegahakivula');
-- N
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Nivithigala');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Nochchiyagama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Nallur');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Nachchadoowa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Naula');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Nanaddan');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Nagoda');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Negombo');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Nuwara Eliya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Nikaweratiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Ninthavur');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Nattandiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Niyagama');
-- O
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Opanayake');
-- P
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Passara');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Palugaswewa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Pathahewaheta');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Pasbage');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Poojapitiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Polpithigama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Panvila');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Pathadumbara');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Padukka');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Padukka');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Puttalam');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Panadura');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Pothuvil');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Pallepola');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Pelmadulla');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Pitabeddara');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Palindanuwara');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Pannala');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Panduwasnuwara');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Payagala');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Polgahawela');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Pachchilaipalli');
-- R
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Rambukkana');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Rambewewa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Ratnapura');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Ruwanwella');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Rattota');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Rideegama');
-- S
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Sevanagala');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Sigiriya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Sooriyawewa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Siyabalanduwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Sainthamaruthu');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Samanthurai');
-- T
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Tangalle');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Thissamaharama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Thumpane');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Thambuttegama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Thirappane');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Thihagoda');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Thanamalvila');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Thamankaduwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Tricomalee');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Thawalama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Thalawa');
-- U
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Ukuwela');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Udubaddawa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Udapalatha');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Uva Paranagama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Udunuwara');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Unawatuna');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Udadumbara');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Uhana');
-- V
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Valikamam South-West');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Valikamam South');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Valikamam East');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Valikamam West');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Vanathavilluwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Vavuniya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Valikamam North');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Vadamaradchy');
-- W
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Welikanda');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Weligama');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Welipitiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Wennappuwa');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Walallawita');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Wellawaya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Welivitiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Welimada');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Walapane');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Wattala');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Weeraketiya');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Wariyapola');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Wilgamuwa');
-- Y
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Yakkalamulla');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Yatinuwara');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Yatiyantota');
INSERT INTO City(city_name) VALUES('Yatawatta');



CREATE TABLE AdminOffersGovernmentCourse(
	admin_id INT NOT NULL,
	gov_course_id INT NOT NULL,
	PRIMARY KEY(admin_id,gov_course_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(admin_id) REFERENCES Admin(admin_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(gov_course_id) REFERENCES GovernmentCourse(gov_course_id)
);

CREATE TABLE ZScoreTable (
	z_id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,	
	district_id INT NOT NULL,
	unicode VARCHAR(100) NOT NULL,
	syllabus VARCHAR(100),
	year INT,
	z_score DECIMAL (5,4),
	PRIMARY KEY(z_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(district_id) REFERENCES District(district_id)
);


INSERT INTO `ZScoreTable` (`z_id`, `district_id`, `unicode`, `syllabus`, `year`, `z_score`) VALUES
(1, 1, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.4546'),
(2, 2, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.5010'),
(3, 3, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.5199'),
(4, 5, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.5115'),
(5, 4, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.5805'),
(6, 6, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.8375'),
(7, 7, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.5220'),
(8, 8, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.4758'),
(9, 9, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.4648'),
(10, 10, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.5293'),
(11, 14, '001A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(12, 11, '001A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(13, 13, '001A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(14, 12, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.5182'),
(15, 17, '001A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(16, 15, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.5213'),
(17, 16, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.4820'),
(18, 19, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.4950'),
(19, 18, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.5206'),
(20, 20, '001A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(21, 21, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.4690'),
(22, 22, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.4770'),
(23, 23, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.5168'),
(24, 25, '001A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(25, 24, '001A', 'New', 2019, '2.4741'),
(26, 1, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.3255'),
(27, 2, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.3317'),
(28, 3, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.3277'),
(29, 5, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.3456'),
(30, 4, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.3727'),
(31, 6, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.3809'),
(32, 7, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.3250'),
(33, 8, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.3492'),
(34, 9, '001B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(35, 10, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.3660'),
(36, 14, '001B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(37, 11, '001B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(38, 13, '001B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(39, 12, '001B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(40, 17, '001B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(41, 15, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.3768'),
(42, 16, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.3294'),
(43, 19, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.4914'),
(44, 18, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.3312'),
(45, 20, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.4235'),
(46, 21, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.4509'),
(47, 22, '001B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(48, 23, '001B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(49, 25, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.3502'),
(50, 24, '001B', 'New', 2019, '2.3453'),
(51, 1, '001C', 'New', 2019, '2.2572'),
(52, 2, '001C', 'New', 2019, '2.4300'),
(53, 3, '001C', 'New', 2019, '2.2924'),
(54, 5, '001C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(55, 4, '001C', 'New', 2019, '2.2660'),
(56, 6, '001C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(57, 7, '001C', 'New', 2019, '2.2716'),
(58, 8, '001C', 'New', 2019, '2.2627'),
(59, 9, '001C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(60, 10, '001C', 'New', 2019, '2.2998'),
(61, 14, '001C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(62, 11, '001C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(63, 13, '001C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(64, 12, '001C', 'New', 2019, '2.2646'),
(65, 17, '001C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(66, 15, '001C', 'New', 2019, '2.4249'),
(67, 16, '001C', 'New', 2019, '2.2747'),
(68, 19, '001C', 'New', 2019, '2.2819'),
(69, 18, '001C', 'New', 2019, '2.2594'),
(70, 20, '001C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(71, 21, '001C', 'New', 2019, '2.2598'),
(72, 22, '001C', 'New', 2019, '2.2920'),
(73, 23, '001C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(74, 25, '001C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(75, 24, '001C', 'New', 2019, '2.2627'),
(76, 1, '001D', 'New', 2019, '2.2016'),
(77, 2, '001D', 'New', 2019, '2.2054'),
(78, 3, '001D', 'New', 2019, '2.2006'),
(79, 5, '001D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(80, 4, '001D', 'New', 2019, '2.1990'),
(81, 6, '001D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(82, 7, '001D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(83, 8, '001D', 'New', 2019, '2.2097'),
(84, 9, '001D', 'New', 2019, '2.2443'),
(85, 10, '001D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(86, 14, '001D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(87, 11, '001D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(88, 13, '001D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(89, 12, '001D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(90, 17, '001D', 'New', 2019, '2.2042'),
(91, 15, '001D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(92, 16, '001D', 'New', 2019, '2.2018'),
(93, 19, '001D', 'New', 2019, '2.2997'),
(94, 18, '001D', 'New', 2019, '2.2066'),
(95, 20, '001D', 'New', 2019, '2.2061'),
(96, 21, '001D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(97, 22, '001D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(98, 23, '001D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(99, 25, '001D', 'New', 2019, '2.1967'),
(100, 24, '001D', 'New', 2019, '2.2027'),
(101, 1, '001E', 'New', 2019, '2.0858'),
(102, 2, '001E', 'New', 2019, '1.9626'),
(103, 3, '001E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(104, 5, '001E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(105, 4, '001E', 'New', 2019, '1.9955'),
(106, 6, '001E', 'New', 2019, '1.9626'),
(107, 7, '001E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(108, 8, '001E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(109, 9, '001E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(110, 10, '001E', 'New', 2019, '1.9573'),
(111, 14, '001E', 'New', 2019, '2.0841'),
(112, 11, '001E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(113, 13, '001E', 'New', 2019, '2.1642'),
(114, 12, '001E', 'New', 2019, '2.0422'),
(115, 17, '001E', 'New', 2019, '1.9576'),
(116, 15, '001E', 'New', 2019, '1.9561'),
(117, 16, '001E', 'New', 2019, '1.9583'),
(118, 19, '001E', 'New', 2019, '1.9714'),
(119, 18, '001E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(120, 20, '001E', 'New', 2019, '1.9929'),
(121, 21, '001E', 'New', 2019, '2.0086'),
(122, 22, '001E', 'New', 2019, '1.9590'),
(123, 23, '001E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(124, 25, '001E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(125, 24, '001E', 'New', 2019, '2.0379'),
(126, 1, '001F', 'New', 2019, '2.1392'),
(127, 2, '001F', 'New', 2019, '2.1446'),
(128, 3, '001F', 'New', 2019, '2.1625'),
(129, 5, '001F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(130, 4, '001F', 'New', 2019, '2.1403'),
(131, 6, '001F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(132, 7, '001F', 'New', 2019, '2.1400'),
(133, 8, '001F', 'New', 2019, '2.1450'),
(134, 9, '001F', 'New', 2019, '2.1760'),
(135, 10, '001F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(136, 14, '001F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(137, 11, '001F', 'New', 2019, '2.1435'),
(138, 13, '001F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(139, 12, '001F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(140, 17, '001F', 'New', 2019, '2.1860'),
(141, 15, '001F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(142, 16, '001F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(143, 19, '001F', 'New', 2019, '2.1608'),
(144, 18, '001F', 'New', 2019, '2.1687'),
(145, 20, '001F', 'New', 2019, '2.1591'),
(146, 21, '001F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(147, 22, '001F', 'New', 2019, '2.1766'),
(148, 23, '001F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(149, 25, '001F', 'New', 2019, '2.1956'),
(150, 24, '001F', 'New', 2019, '2.1398'),
(151, 1, '001G', 'New', 2019, '2.0676'),
(152, 2, '001G', 'New', 2019, '1.9289'),
(153, 3, '001G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(154, 5, '001G', 'New', 2019, '2.1129'),
(155, 4, '001G', 'New', 2019, '2.0031'),
(156, 6, '001G', 'New', 2019, '1.9691'),
(157, 7, '001G', 'New', 2019, '2.0238'),
(158, 8, '001G', 'New', 2019, '2.1371'),
(159, 9, '001G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(160, 10, '001G', 'New', 2019, '2.0147'),
(161, 14, '001G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(162, 11, '001G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(163, 13, '001G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(164, 12, '001G', 'New', 2019, '1.8969'),
(165, 17, '001G', 'New', 2019, '1.9202'),
(166, 15, '001G', 'New', 2019, '1.9118'),
(167, 16, '001G', 'New', 2019, '1.8797'),
(168, 19, '001G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(169, 18, '001G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(170, 20, '001G', 'New', 2019, '1.9954'),
(171, 21, '001G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(172, 22, '001G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(173, 23, '001G', 'New', 2019, '1.9195'),
(174, 25, '001G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(175, 24, '001G', 'New', 2019, '1.9329'),
(176, 1, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(177, 2, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(178, 3, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(179, 5, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(180, 4, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(181, 6, '001H', 'New', 2019, '1.4744'),
(182, 7, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(183, 8, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(184, 9, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(185, 10, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(186, 14, '001H', 'New', 2019, '1.6855'),
(187, 11, '001H', 'New', 2019, '1.9176'),
(188, 13, '001H', 'New', 2019, '1.2427'),
(189, 12, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(190, 17, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(191, 15, '001H', 'New', 2019, '1.8353'),
(192, 16, '001H', 'New', 2019, '1.7481'),
(193, 19, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(194, 18, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(195, 20, '001H', 'New', 2019, '1.6484'),
(196, 21, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(197, 22, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(198, 23, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(199, 25, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(200, 24, '001H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(201, 1, '001K', 'New', 2019, '2.0957'),
(202, 2, '001K', 'New', 2019, '2.0626'),
(203, 3, '001K', 'New', 2019, '2.0672'),
(204, 5, '001K', 'New', 2019, '2.1166'),
(205, 4, '001K', 'New', 2019, '2.0580'),
(206, 6, '001K', 'New', 2019, '2.0357'),
(207, 7, '001K', 'New', 2019, '2.1302'),
(208, 8, '001K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(209, 9, '001K', 'New', 2019, '2.0457'),
(210, 10, '001K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(211, 14, '001K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(212, 11, '001K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(213, 13, '001K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(214, 12, '001K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(215, 17, '001K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(216, 15, '001K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(217, 16, '001K', 'New', 2019, '2.0670'),
(218, 19, '001K', 'New', 2019, '2.0744'),
(219, 18, '001K', 'New', 2019, '2.0431'),
(220, 20, '001K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(221, 21, '001K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(222, 22, '001K', 'New', 2019, '2.0379'),
(223, 23, '001K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(224, 25, '001K', 'New', 2019, '2.0407'),
(225, 24, '001K', 'New', 2019, '2.0393'),
(226, 1, '001L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(227, 2, '001L', 'New', 2019, '1.9173'),
(228, 3, '001L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(229, 5, '001L', 'New', 2019, '1.8842'),
(230, 4, '001L', 'New', 2019, '2.0130'),
(231, 6, '001L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(232, 7, '001L', 'New', 2019, '2.0427'),
(233, 8, '001L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(234, 9, '001L', 'New', 2019, '1.8262'),
(235, 10, '001L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(236, 14, '001L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(237, 11, '001L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(238, 13, '001L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(239, 12, '001L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(240, 17, '001L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(241, 15, '001L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(242, 16, '001L', 'New', 2019, '1.7345'),
(243, 19, '001L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(244, 18, '001L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(245, 20, '001L', 'New', 2019, '1.6870'),
(246, 21, '001L', 'New', 2019, '1.7857'),
(247, 22, '001L', 'New', 2019, '1.8267'),
(248, 23, '001L', 'New', 2019, '1.9727'),
(249, 25, '001L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(250, 24, '001L', 'New', 2019, '1.9595'),
(251, 1, '001M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(252, 2, '001M', 'New', 2019, '1.9238'),
(253, 3, '001M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(254, 5, '001M', 'New', 2019, '1.9473'),
(255, 4, '001M', 'New', 2019, '1.9852'),
(256, 6, '001M', 'New', 2019, '1.8684'),
(257, 7, '001M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(258, 8, '001M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(259, 9, '001M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(260, 10, '001M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(261, 14, '001M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(262, 11, '001M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(263, 13, '001M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(264, 12, '001M', 'New', 2019, '1.7884'),
(265, 17, '001M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(266, 15, '001M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(267, 16, '001M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(268, 19, '001M', 'New', 2019, '1.9267'),
(269, 18, '001M', 'New', 2019, '2.0436'),
(270, 20, '001M', 'New', 2019, '1.7481'),
(271, 21, '001M', 'New', 2019, '1.8430'),
(272, 22, '001M', 'New', 2019, '1.9109'),
(273, 23, '001M', 'New', 2019, '1.6753'),
(274, 25, '001M', 'New', 2019, '2.1362'),
(275, 24, '001M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(276, 1, '002B', 'New', 2019, '2.0326'),
(277, 2, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.9130'),
(278, 3, '002B', 'New', 2019, '2.0355'),
(279, 5, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.8557'),
(280, 4, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.9612'),
(281, 6, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.4729'),
(282, 7, '002B', 'New', 2019, '2.0186'),
(283, 8, '002B', 'New', 2019, '2.0314'),
(284, 9, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.8047'),
(285, 10, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.9479'),
(286, 14, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.5918'),
(287, 11, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.8964'),
(288, 13, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.1326'),
(289, 12, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.7721'),
(290, 17, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.7716'),
(291, 15, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.7515'),
(292, 16, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.7298'),
(293, 19, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.7951'),
(294, 18, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.9979'),
(295, 20, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.6278'),
(296, 21, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.7827'),
(297, 22, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.7730'),
(298, 23, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.6367'),
(299, 25, '002B', 'New', 2019, '2.0342'),
(300, 24, '002B', 'New', 2019, '1.9308'),
(301, 1, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.8619'),
(302, 2, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.8900'),
(303, 3, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.9417'),
(304, 5, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.8452'),
(305, 4, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.9482'),
(306, 6, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.4370'),
(307, 7, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.9590'),
(308, 8, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.9219'),
(309, 9, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.7601'),
(310, 10, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.9343'),
(311, 14, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.4078'),
(312, 11, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.6798'),
(313, 13, '003B', 'New', 2019, '0.9074'),
(314, 12, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.6451'),
(315, 17, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.6728'),
(316, 15, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.6679'),
(317, 16, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.6903'),
(318, 19, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.6815'),
(319, 18, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.9475'),
(320, 20, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.5338'),
(321, 21, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.5868'),
(322, 22, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.7594'),
(323, 23, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.4732'),
(324, 25, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.9538'),
(325, 24, '003B', 'New', 2019, '1.8881'),
(326, 1, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.9949'),
(327, 2, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.9077'),
(328, 3, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.9906'),
(329, 5, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.6920'),
(330, 4, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.9561'),
(331, 6, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.4608'),
(332, 7, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.9446'),
(333, 8, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.9782'),
(334, 9, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.7560'),
(335, 10, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.9358'),
(336, 14, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.1372'),
(337, 11, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.7886'),
(338, 13, '058A', 'New', 2019, '0.5986'),
(339, 12, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.5638'),
(340, 17, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.7248'),
(341, 15, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.6271'),
(342, 16, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.5856'),
(343, 19, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.7424'),
(344, 18, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.9997'),
(345, 20, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.5341'),
(346, 21, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.4669'),
(347, 22, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.7327'),
(348, 23, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.3232'),
(349, 25, '058A', 'New', 2019, '2.0005'),
(350, 24, '058A', 'New', 2019, '1.9281'),
(351, 1, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.5348'),
(352, 2, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.6880'),
(353, 3, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.5810'),
(354, 5, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.2934'),
(355, 4, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.7639'),
(356, 6, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.3991'),
(357, 7, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.7428'),
(358, 8, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.7588'),
(359, 9, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.6244'),
(360, 10, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.6369'),
(361, 14, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.0568'),
(362, 11, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.3195'),
(363, 13, '039B', 'New', 2019, '0.3502'),
(364, 12, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.4562'),
(365, 17, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.1063'),
(366, 15, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.5406'),
(367, 16, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.3826'),
(368, 19, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.5286'),
(369, 18, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.6400'),
(370, 20, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.5189'),
(371, 21, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.1585'),
(372, 22, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.6449'),
(373, 23, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.1822'),
(374, 25, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.6812'),
(375, 24, '039B', 'New', 2019, '1.7632'),
(376, 1, '004E', 'New', 2019, '0.9845'),
(377, 2, '004E', 'New', 2019, '0.8692'),
(378, 3, '004E', 'New', 2019, '1.0650'),
(379, 5, '004E', 'New', 2019, '1.0423'),
(380, 4, '004E', 'New', 2019, '1.4291'),
(381, 6, '004E', 'New', 2019, '0.8936'),
(382, 7, '004E', 'New', 2019, '1.1144'),
(383, 8, '004E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(384, 9, '004E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(385, 10, '004E', 'New', 2019, '0.9846'),
(386, 14, '004E', 'New', 2019, '0.6444'),
(387, 11, '004E', 'New', 2019, '1.0231'),
(388, 13, '004E', 'New', 2019, '0.2643'),
(389, 12, '004E', 'New', 2019, '0.5594'),
(390, 17, '004E', 'New', 2019, '0.7839'),
(391, 15, '004E', 'New', 2019, '0.8961'),
(392, 16, '004E', 'New', 2019, '0.8817'),
(393, 19, '004E', 'New', 2019, '0.8191'),
(394, 18, '004E', 'New', 2019, '1.0562'),
(395, 20, '004E', 'New', 2019, '0.6214'),
(396, 21, '004E', 'New', 2019, '0.6443'),
(397, 22, '004E', 'New', 2019, '0.9150'),
(398, 23, '004E', 'New', 2019, '1.0619'),
(399, 25, '004E', 'New', 2019, '1.1130'),
(400, 24, '004E', 'New', 2019, '0.9494'),
(401, 1, '004H', 'New', 2019, '1.0438'),
(402, 2, '004H', 'New', 2019, '0.7995'),
(403, 3, '004H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(404, 5, '004H', 'New', 2019, '0.8997'),
(405, 4, '004H', 'New', 2019, '1.1530'),
(406, 6, '004H', 'New', 2019, '0.9256'),
(407, 7, '004H', 'New', 2019, '1.0143'),
(408, 8, '004H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(409, 9, '004H', 'New', 2019, '1.0648'),
(410, 10, '004H', 'New', 2019, '0.9781'),
(411, 14, '004H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(412, 11, '004H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(413, 13, '004H', 'New', 2019, '0.3086'),
(414, 12, '004H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(415, 17, '004H', 'New', 2019, '1.0456'),
(416, 15, '004H', 'New', 2019, '0.9385'),
(417, 16, '004H', 'New', 2019, '0.9147'),
(418, 19, '004H', 'New', 2019, '0.7748'),
(419, 18, '004H', 'New', 2019, '1.0611'),
(420, 20, '004H', 'New', 2019, '0.6238'),
(421, 21, '004H', 'New', 2019, '0.5638'),
(422, 22, '004H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(423, 23, '004H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(424, 25, '004H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(425, 24, '004H', 'New', 2019, '0.8146'),
(426, 1, '004K', 'New', 2019, '0.9613'),
(427, 2, '004K', 'New', 2019, '0.9507'),
(428, 3, '004K', 'New', 2019, '0.9825'),
(429, 5, '004K', 'New', 2019, '1.0682'),
(430, 4, '004K', 'New', 2019, '1.0569'),
(431, 6, '004K', 'New', 2019, '1.0068'),
(432, 7, '004K', 'New', 2019, '0.9876'),
(433, 8, '004K', 'New', 2019, '0.9666'),
(434, 9, '004K', 'New', 2019, '0.9960'),
(435, 10, '004K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(436, 14, '004K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(437, 11, '004K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(438, 13, '004K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(439, 12, '004K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(440, 17, '004K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(441, 15, '004K', 'New', 2019, '1.1973'),
(442, 16, '004K', 'New', 2019, '0.9318'),
(443, 19, '004K', 'New', 2019, '0.9814'),
(444, 18, '004K', 'New', 2019, '1.0683'),
(445, 20, '004K', 'New', 2019, '0.9416'),
(446, 21, '004K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(447, 22, '004K', 'New', 2019, '1.0051'),
(448, 23, '004K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(449, 25, '004K', 'New', 2019, '1.0826'),
(450, 24, '004K', 'New', 2019, '0.9773'),
(451, 1, '004L', 'New', 2019, '1.1013'),
(452, 2, '004L', 'New', 2019, '1.1023'),
(453, 3, '004L', 'New', 2019, '1.0828'),
(454, 5, '004L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(455, 4, '004L', 'New', 2019, '1.1451'),
(456, 6, '004L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(457, 7, '004L', 'New', 2019, '1.0818'),
(458, 8, '004L', 'New', 2019, '1.0864'),
(459, 9, '004L', 'New', 2019, '1.1005'),
(460, 10, '004L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(461, 14, '004L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(462, 11, '004L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(463, 13, '004L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(464, 12, '004L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(465, 17, '004L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(466, 15, '004L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(467, 16, '004L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(468, 19, '004L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(469, 18, '004L', 'New', 2019, '1.1387'),
(470, 20, '004L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(471, 21, '004L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(472, 22, '004L', 'New', 2019, '1.1267'),
(473, 23, '004L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(474, 25, '004L', 'New', 2019, '1.0838'),
(475, 24, '004L', 'New', 2019, '1.0929'),
(476, 1, '004M', 'New', 2019, '1.0427'),
(477, 2, '004M', 'New', 2019, '1.0294'),
(478, 3, '004M', 'New', 2019, '1.0277'),
(479, 5, '004M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(480, 4, '004M', 'New', 2019, '1.0448'),
(481, 6, '004M', 'New', 2019, '1.1197'),
(482, 7, '004M', 'New', 2019, '1.0453'),
(483, 8, '004M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(484, 9, '004M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(485, 10, '004M', 'New', 2019, '1.1475'),
(486, 14, '004M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(487, 11, '004M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(488, 13, '004M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(489, 12, '004M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(490, 17, '004M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(491, 15, '004M', 'New', 2019, '1.2115'),
(492, 16, '004M', 'New', 2019, '1.0292'),
(493, 19, '004M', 'New', 2019, '1.1087'),
(494, 18, '004M', 'New', 2019, '1.0631'),
(495, 20, '004M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(496, 21, '004M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(497, 22, '004M', 'New', 2019, '1.0701'),
(498, 23, '004M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(499, 25, '004M', 'New', 2019, '1.0903'),
(500, 24, '004M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(501, 1, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.4539'),
(502, 2, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.4708'),
(503, 3, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.5003'),
(504, 5, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.3013'),
(505, 4, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.5409'),
(506, 6, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.1645'),
(507, 7, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.5573'),
(508, 8, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.5796'),
(509, 9, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.4368'),
(510, 10, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.5806'),
(511, 14, '005M', 'New', 2019, '0.6568'),
(512, 11, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.2408'),
(513, 13, '005M', 'New', 2019, '0.5614'),
(514, 12, '005M', 'New', 2019, '0.9971'),
(515, 17, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.2125'),
(516, 15, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.4483'),
(517, 16, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.4106'),
(518, 19, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.4168'),
(519, 18, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.5165'),
(520, 20, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.3310'),
(521, 21, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.1775'),
(522, 22, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.5391'),
(523, 23, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.0491'),
(524, 25, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.5712'),
(525, 24, '005M', 'New', 2019, '1.5624'),
(526, 1, '035B', 'New', 2019, '1.8514'),
(527, 2, '035B', 'New', 2019, '1.7948'),
(528, 3, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(529, 5, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(530, 4, '035B', 'New', 2019, '1.9224'),
(531, 6, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(532, 7, '035B', 'New', 2019, '1.8222'),
(533, 8, '035B', 'New', 2019, '1.8430'),
(534, 9, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(535, 10, '035B', 'New', 2019, '1.8287'),
(536, 14, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(537, 11, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(538, 13, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(539, 12, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(540, 17, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(541, 15, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(542, 16, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(543, 19, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(544, 18, '035B', 'New', 2019, '1.8327'),
(545, 20, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(546, 21, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(547, 22, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(548, 23, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(549, 25, '035B', 'New', 2019, '1.8613'),
(550, 24, '035B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(551, 1, '035C', 'New', 2019, '1.7577'),
(552, 2, '035C', 'New', 2019, '1.7478'),
(553, 3, '035C', 'New', 2019, '1.7840'),
(554, 5, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(555, 4, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(556, 6, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(557, 7, '035C', 'New', 2019, '1.8720'),
(558, 8, '035C', 'New', 2019, '1.7478'),
(559, 9, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(560, 10, '035C', 'New', 2019, '1.7843'),
(561, 14, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(562, 11, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(563, 13, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(564, 12, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(565, 17, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(566, 15, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(567, 16, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(568, 19, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(569, 18, '035C', 'New', 2019, '1.7679'),
(570, 20, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(571, 21, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(572, 22, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(573, 23, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(574, 25, '035C', 'New', 2019, '1.7750'),
(575, 24, '035C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(576, 1, '035L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(577, 2, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.6597'),
(578, 3, '035L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(579, 5, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.1929'),
(580, 4, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.5605'),
(581, 6, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.1316'),
(582, 7, '035L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(583, 8, '035L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(584, 9, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.5511'),
(585, 10, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.6790'),
(586, 14, '035L', 'New', 2019, '0.8505'),
(587, 11, '035L', 'New', 2019, '0.9186'),
(588, 13, '035L', 'New', 2019, '0.3311'),
(589, 12, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.1434'),
(590, 17, '035L', 'New', 2019, '0.9667'),
(591, 15, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.3594'),
(592, 16, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.3413'),
(593, 19, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.2992'),
(594, 18, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.5400'),
(595, 20, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.4435'),
(596, 21, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.2242'),
(597, 22, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.4989'),
(598, 23, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.2060'),
(599, 25, '035L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(600, 24, '035L', 'New', 2019, '1.5384'),
(601, 1, '006A', 'New', 2019, '1.7667'),
(602, 2, '006A', 'New', 2019, '1.7863'),
(603, 3, '006A', 'New', 2019, '1.9307'),
(604, 5, '006A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(605, 4, '006A', 'New', 2019, '1.8081'),
(606, 6, '006A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(607, 7, '006A', 'New', 2019, '1.7747'),
(608, 8, '006A', 'New', 2019, '1.7779'),
(609, 9, '006A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(610, 10, '006A', 'New', 2019, '1.8644'),
(611, 14, '006A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(612, 11, '006A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(613, 13, '006A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(614, 12, '006A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(615, 17, '006A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(616, 15, '006A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(617, 16, '006A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(618, 19, '006A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(619, 18, '006A', 'New', 2019, '1.8191'),
(620, 20, '006A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(621, 21, '006A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(622, 22, '006A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(623, 23, '006A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(624, 25, '006A', 'New', 2019, '1.8176'),
(625, 24, '006A', 'New', 2019, '1.7807'),
(626, 1, '006B', 'New', 2019, '1.6793'),
(627, 2, '006B', 'New', 2019, '1.6501'),
(628, 3, '006B', 'New', 2019, '1.6697'),
(629, 5, '006B', 'New', 2019, '1.7218'),
(630, 4, '006B', 'New', 2019, '1.6450'),
(631, 6, '006B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(632, 7, '006B', 'New', 2019, '1.6453'),
(633, 8, '006B', 'New', 2019, '1.6774'),
(634, 9, '006B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(635, 10, '006B', 'New', 2019, '1.6427'),
(636, 14, '006B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(637, 11, '006B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(638, 13, '006B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(639, 12, '006B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(640, 17, '006B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(641, 15, '006B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(642, 16, '006B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(643, 19, '006B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(644, 18, '006B', 'New', 2019, '1.6385'),
(645, 20, '006B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(646, 21, '006B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(647, 22, '006B', 'New', 2019, '1.6400'),
(648, 23, '006B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(649, 25, '006B', 'New', 2019, '1.6408'),
(650, 24, '006B', 'New', 2019, '1.6422'),
(651, 1, '006C', 'New', 2019, '1.5357'),
(652, 2, '006C', 'New', 2019, '1.5403'),
(653, 3, '006C', 'New', 2019, '1.5547'),
(654, 5, '006C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(655, 4, '006C', 'New', 2019, '1.5588'),
(656, 6, '006C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(657, 7, '006C', 'New', 2019, '1.5381'),
(658, 8, '006C', 'New', 2019, '1.5559'),
(659, 9, '006C', 'New', 2019, '1.5627'),
(660, 10, '006C', 'New', 2019, '1.5489'),
(661, 14, '006C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(662, 11, '006C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(663, 13, '006C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(664, 12, '006C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(665, 17, '006C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(666, 15, '006C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(667, 16, '006C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(668, 19, '006C', 'New', 2019, '1.6221'),
(669, 18, '006C', 'New', 2019, '1.5621'),
(670, 20, '006C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(671, 21, '006C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(672, 22, '006C', 'New', 2019, '1.5439'),
(673, 23, '006C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(674, 25, '006C', 'New', 2019, '1.5485'),
(675, 24, '006C', 'New', 2019, '1.6134'),
(676, 1, '006D', 'New', 2019, '1.4785'),
(677, 2, '006D', 'New', 2019, '1.4828'),
(678, 3, '006D', 'New', 2019, '1.4842'),
(679, 5, '006D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(680, 4, '006D', 'New', 2019, '1.4871'),
(681, 6, '006D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(682, 7, '006D', 'New', 2019, '1.4811'),
(683, 8, '006D', 'New', 2019, '1.4899'),
(684, 9, '006D', 'New', 2019, '1.6997'),
(685, 10, '006D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(686, 14, '006D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(687, 11, '006D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(688, 13, '006D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(689, 12, '006D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(690, 17, '006D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(691, 15, '006D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(692, 16, '006D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(693, 19, '006D', 'New', 2019, '1.5063'),
(694, 18, '006D', 'New', 2019, '1.5018'),
(695, 20, '006D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(696, 21, '006D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(697, 22, '006D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(698, 23, '006D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(699, 25, '006D', 'New', 2019, '1.5108'),
(700, 24, '006D', 'New', 2019, '1.4813'),
(701, 1, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.4413'),
(702, 2, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.1882'),
(703, 3, '006E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(704, 5, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.0936'),
(705, 4, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.3271'),
(706, 6, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.0854'),
(707, 7, '006E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(708, 8, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.4093'),
(709, 9, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.0864'),
(710, 10, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.2848'),
(711, 14, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.4073'),
(712, 11, '006E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(713, 13, '006E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(714, 12, '006E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(715, 17, '006E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(716, 15, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.0442'),
(717, 16, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.0859'),
(718, 19, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.0234'),
(719, 18, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.3129'),
(720, 20, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.0183'),
(721, 21, '006E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(722, 22, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.1582'),
(723, 23, '006E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(724, 25, '006E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(725, 24, '006E', 'New', 2019, '1.2299'),
(726, 1, '006F', 'New', 2019, '1.4327'),
(727, 2, '006F', 'New', 2019, '1.3687'),
(728, 3, '006F', 'New', 2019, '1.4073'),
(729, 5, '006F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(730, 4, '006F', 'New', 2019, '1.4059'),
(731, 6, '006F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(732, 7, '006F', 'New', 2019, '1.4579'),
(733, 8, '006F', 'New', 2019, '1.3814'),
(734, 9, '006F', 'New', 2019, '1.4427'),
(735, 10, '006F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(736, 14, '006F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(737, 11, '006F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(738, 13, '006F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(739, 12, '006F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(740, 17, '006F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(741, 15, '006F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(742, 16, '006F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(743, 19, '006F', 'New', 2019, '1.4059'),
(744, 18, '006F', 'New', 2019, '1.3773'),
(745, 20, '006F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(746, 21, '006F', 'New', 2019, '1.4373'),
(747, 22, '006F', 'New', 2019, '1.4516'),
(748, 23, '006F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(749, 25, '006F', 'New', 2019, '1.3834'),
(750, 24, '006F', 'New', 2019, '1.3724'),
(751, 1, '006H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(752, 2, '006H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(753, 3, '006H', 'New', 2019, '1.2944'),
(754, 5, '006H', 'New', 2019, '0.9831'),
(755, 4, '006H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(756, 6, '006H', 'New', 2019, '0.9798'),
(757, 7, '006H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(758, 8, '006H', 'New', 2019, '1.2688'),
(759, 9, '006H', 'New', 2019, '1.1668'),
(760, 10, '006H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(761, 14, '006H', 'New', 2019, '1.1515'),
(762, 11, '006H', 'New', 2019, '0.9707'),
(763, 13, '006H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(764, 12, '006H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(765, 17, '006H', 'New', 2019, '0.9589'),
(766, 15, '006H', 'New', 2019, '0.8879'),
(767, 16, '006H', 'New', 2019, '0.9741'),
(768, 19, '006H', 'New', 2019, '0.9426'),
(769, 18, '006H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(770, 20, '006H', 'New', 2019, '0.8850'),
(771, 21, '006H', 'New', 2019, '0.9581'),
(772, 22, '006H', 'New', 2019, '1.1501'),
(773, 23, '006H', 'New', 2019, '1.0103'),
(774, 25, '006H', 'New', 2019, '1.3797'),
(775, 24, '006H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(776, 1, '006J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(777, 2, '006J', 'New', 2019, '1.3305'),
(778, 3, '006J', 'New', 2019, '1.2689'),
(779, 5, '006J', 'New', 2019, '1.1706'),
(780, 4, '006J', 'New', 2019, '1.3178'),
(781, 6, '006J', 'New', 2019, '0.7542'),
(782, 7, '006J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(783, 8, '006J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(784, 9, '006J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(785, 10, '006J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(786, 14, '006J', 'New', 2019, '0.3957'),
(787, 11, '006J', 'New', 2019, '0.5035'),
(788, 13, '006J', 'New', 2019, '0.2442'),
(789, 12, '006J', 'New', 2019, '0.2952'),
(790, 17, '006J', 'New', 2019, '0.6730'),
(791, 15, '006J', 'New', 2019, '0.7919'),
(792, 16, '006J', 'New', 2019, '0.9793'),
(793, 19, '006J', 'New', 2019, '0.7641'),
(794, 18, '006J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(795, 20, '006J', 'New', 2019, '0.6770'),
(796, 21, '006J', 'New', 2019, '0.6790'),
(797, 22, '006J', 'New', 2019, '1.2213'),
(798, 23, '006J', 'New', 2019, '0.7010'),
(799, 25, '006J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(800, 24, '006J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(801, 1, '007K', 'New', 2019, '1.1614'),
(802, 2, '007K', 'New', 2019, '1.1357'),
(803, 3, '007K', 'New', 2019, '1.1547'),
(804, 5, '007K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(805, 4, '007K', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(806, 6, '007K', 'New', 2019, '1.2968'),
(807, 7, '007K', 'New', 2019, '1.1851'),
(808, 8, '007K', 'New', 2019, '1.1486'),
(809, 9, '007K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(810, 10, '007K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(811, 14, '007K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(812, 11, '007K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(813, 13, '007K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(814, 12, '007K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(815, 17, '007K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(816, 15, '007K', 'New', 2019, '1.3551'),
(817, 16, '007K', 'New', 2019, '1.1617'),
(818, 19, '007K', 'New', 2019, '1.1330'),
(819, 18, '007K', 'New', 2019, '1.1146'),
(820, 20, '007K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(821, 21, '007K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(822, 22, '007K', 'New', 2019, '1.1214'),
(823, 23, '007K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(824, 25, '007K', 'New', 2019, '1.1636'),
(825, 24, '007K', 'New', 2019, '1.1364'),
(826, 1, '007L', 'New', 2019, '1.1882'),
(827, 2, '007L', 'New', 2019, '1.2577'),
(828, 3, '007L', 'New', 2019, '1.2071'),
(829, 5, '007L', 'New', 2019, '1.1984'),
(830, 4, '007L', 'New', 2019, '1.1924'),
(831, 6, '007L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(832, 7, '007L', 'New', 2019, '1.1939'),
(833, 8, '007L', 'New', 2019, '1.2031'),
(834, 9, '007L', 'New', 2019, '1.0000'),
(835, 10, '007L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(836, 14, '007L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(837, 11, '007L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(838, 13, '007L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(839, 12, '007L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(840, 17, '007L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(841, 15, '007L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(842, 16, '007L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(843, 19, '007L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(844, 18, '007L', 'New', 2019, '1.2758'),
(845, 20, '007L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(846, 21, '007L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(847, 22, '007L', 'New', 2019, '1.3292'),
(848, 23, '007L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(849, 25, '007L', 'New', 2019, '1.2640'),
(850, 24, '007L', 'New', 2019, '1.1857'),
(851, 1, '007R', 'New', 2019, '1.1628'),
(852, 2, '007R', 'New', 2019, '1.0410'),
(853, 3, '007R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(854, 5, '007R', 'New', 2019, '0.8395'),
(855, 4, '007R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(856, 6, '007R', 'New', 2019, '0.7365'),
(857, 7, '007R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(858, 8, '007R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(859, 9, '007R', 'New', 2019, '1.0257'),
(860, 10, '007R', 'New', 2019, '0.9084'),
(861, 14, '007R', 'New', 2019, '0.3931'),
(862, 11, '007R', 'New', 2019, '0.6906'),
(863, 13, '007R', 'New', 2019, '0.0304'),
(864, 12, '007R', 'New', 2019, '0.7837'),
(865, 17, '007R', 'New', 2019, '0.5819'),
(866, 15, '007R', 'New', 2019, '0.7648'),
(867, 16, '007R', 'New', 2019, '0.9242'),
(868, 19, '007R', 'New', 2019, '0.7607'),
(869, 18, '007R', 'New', 2019, '1.0383'),
(870, 20, '007R', 'New', 2019, '0.7355'),
(871, 21, '007R', 'New', 2019, '0.4915'),
(872, 22, '007R', 'New', 2019, '0.9962'),
(873, 23, '007R', 'New', 2019, '0.6426'),
(874, 25, '007R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(875, 24, '007R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(876, 1, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.0630'),
(877, 2, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.0711'),
(878, 3, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.0716'),
(879, 5, '008B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(880, 4, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.0714'),
(881, 6, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.1218'),
(882, 7, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.0675'),
(883, 8, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.0659'),
(884, 9, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.1511'),
(885, 10, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.0611'),
(886, 14, '008B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(887, 11, '008B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(888, 13, '008B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(889, 12, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.0636'),
(890, 17, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.0849'),
(891, 15, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.0635'),
(892, 16, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.1394'),
(893, 19, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.0934'),
(894, 18, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.0630'),
(895, 20, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.0716'),
(896, 21, '008B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(897, 22, '008B', 'New', 2019, '9.9999'),
(898, 23, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.1320'),
(899, 25, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.0829'),
(900, 24, '008B', 'New', 2019, '2.0717'),
(901, 1, '008C', 'New', 2019, '1.9771'),
(902, 2, '008C', 'New', 2019, '1.9761'),
(903, 3, '008C', 'New', 2019, '2.0321'),
(904, 5, '008C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(905, 4, '008C', 'New', 2019, '1.9921'),
(906, 6, '008C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(907, 7, '008C', 'New', 2019, '1.9815'),
(908, 8, '008C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(909, 9, '008C', 'New', 2019, '2.0005'),
(910, 10, '008C', 'New', 2019, '1.9941'),
(911, 14, '008C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(912, 11, '008C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(913, 13, '008C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(914, 12, '008C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(915, 17, '008C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(916, 15, '008C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(917, 16, '008C', 'New', 2019, '1.9808'),
(918, 19, '008C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(919, 18, '008C', 'New', 2019, '2.0065'),
(920, 20, '008C', 'New', 2019, '2.0128'),
(921, 21, '008C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(922, 22, '008C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(923, 23, '008C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(924, 25, '008C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(925, 24, '008C', 'New', 2019, '2.0118'),
(926, 1, '008E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(927, 2, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.6726'),
(928, 3, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.7864'),
(929, 5, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.6401'),
(930, 4, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.6026'),
(931, 6, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.5478'),
(932, 7, '008E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(933, 8, '008E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(934, 9, '008E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(935, 10, '008E', 'New', 2019, '2.0519'),
(936, 14, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.7732'),
(937, 11, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.5311'),
(938, 13, '008E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(939, 12, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.8302'),
(940, 17, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.5215'),
(941, 15, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.5035'),
(942, 16, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.7089'),
(943, 19, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.4940'),
(944, 18, '008E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(945, 20, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.4994'),
(946, 21, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.6445'),
(947, 22, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.5771'),
(948, 23, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.5840'),
(949, 25, '008E', 'New', 2019, '1.7645'),
(950, 24, '008E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(951, 1, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8596'),
(952, 2, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8512'),
(953, 3, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8564'),
(954, 5, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.9637'),
(955, 4, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8537'),
(956, 6, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.9647'),
(957, 7, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.9140'),
(958, 8, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.9269'),
(959, 9, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8575'),
(960, 10, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.9845'),
(961, 14, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8681'),
(962, 11, '008F', 'New', 2019, '2.0327'),
(963, 13, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8521'),
(964, 12, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8672'),
(965, 17, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8660'),
(966, 15, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8634'),
(967, 16, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8773'),
(968, 19, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8573'),
(969, 18, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.9017'),
(970, 20, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.9375'),
(971, 21, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8558'),
(972, 22, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8528'),
(973, 23, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8997'),
(974, 25, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.9157'),
(975, 24, '008F', 'New', 2019, '1.8618'),
(976, 1, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.1944'),
(977, 2, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.2013'),
(978, 3, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.2083'),
(979, 5, '008G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(980, 4, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.1971'),
(981, 6, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.3184'),
(982, 7, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.1960'),
(983, 8, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.2200'),
(984, 9, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.2393'),
(985, 10, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.2101'),
(986, 14, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.2537'),
(987, 11, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.3366'),
(988, 13, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.4700'),
(989, 12, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.3648'),
(990, 17, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.2607'),
(991, 15, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.1967'),
(992, 16, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.2750'),
(993, 19, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.2014'),
(994, 18, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.1954'),
(995, 20, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.2019'),
(996, 21, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.3358'),
(997, 22, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.1675'),
(998, 23, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.2686'),
(999, 25, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.2350'),
(1000, 24, '008G', 'New', 2019, '2.2147'),
(1001, 1, '008J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1002, 2, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.6610'),
(1003, 3, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.7927'),
(1004, 5, '008J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1005, 4, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.7021'),
(1006, 6, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.2693'),
(1007, 7, '008J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1008, 8, '008J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1009, 9, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.7042'),
(1010, 10, '008J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1011, 14, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.6903'),
(1012, 11, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.4206'),
(1013, 13, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.3693'),
(1014, 12, '008J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1015, 17, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.3152'),
(1016, 15, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.4666'),
(1017, 16, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.7122'),
(1018, 19, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.3596'),
(1019, 18, '008J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1020, 20, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.4599'),
(1021, 21, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.2100'),
(1022, 22, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.6021'),
(1023, 23, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.4151'),
(1024, 25, '008J', 'New', 2019, '1.6939'),
(1025, 24, '008J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1026, 1, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.8628'),
(1027, 2, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.8205'),
(1028, 3, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.8195'),
(1029, 5, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.5782'),
(1030, 4, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.8798'),
(1031, 6, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.3736'),
(1032, 7, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.8291'),
(1033, 8, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.8825'),
(1034, 9, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.8058'),
(1035, 10, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.8730'),
(1036, 14, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.6507'),
(1037, 11, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.1788'),
(1038, 13, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.3286'),
(1039, 12, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.6568'),
(1040, 17, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.3057'),
(1041, 15, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.4457'),
(1042, 16, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.7708'),
(1043, 19, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.4505'),
(1044, 18, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.8884'),
(1045, 20, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.4573'),
(1046, 21, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(1047, 22, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.8398'),
(1048, 23, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.5974'),
(1049, 25, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.7837'),
(1050, 24, '009G', 'New', 2019, '1.7687'),
(1051, 1, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.8473'),
(1052, 2, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.8846'),
(1053, 3, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.8504'),
(1054, 5, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.4669'),
(1055, 4, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.8463'),
(1056, 6, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.4201'),
(1057, 7, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.8425'),
(1058, 8, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.8526'),
(1059, 9, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.8067'),
(1060, 10, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.8409'),
(1061, 14, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.5276'),
(1062, 11, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.0265'),
(1063, 13, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.2822'),
(1064, 12, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.6530'),
(1065, 17, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.3052'),
(1066, 15, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.4638'),
(1067, 16, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.6722'),
(1068, 19, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.6021'),
(1069, 18, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.8627'),
(1070, 20, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.6133'),
(1071, 21, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.1609'),
(1072, 22, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.8084'),
(1073, 23, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.4408'),
(1074, 25, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.8234'),
(1075, 24, '010G', 'New', 2019, '1.8109'),
(1076, 1, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.7992'),
(1077, 2, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.7414'),
(1078, 3, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.7900'),
(1079, 5, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.3832'),
(1080, 4, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.6057'),
(1081, 6, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.7358'),
(1082, 7, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.7688'),
(1083, 8, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.7731'),
(1084, 9, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.7426'),
(1085, 10, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.7832'),
(1086, 14, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.5568'),
(1087, 11, '011G', 'New', 2019, '0.8651'),
(1088, 13, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.2603'),
(1089, 12, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.6443'),
(1090, 17, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.2747'),
(1091, 15, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.4851'),
(1092, 16, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.6390'),
(1093, 19, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.4461'),
(1094, 18, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.7938'),
(1095, 20, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.4227'),
(1096, 21, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.1119'),
(1097, 22, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.6796'),
(1098, 23, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.3987'),
(1099, 25, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.7751'),
(1100, 24, '011G', 'New', 2019, '1.7561'),
(1101, 1, '012D', 'New', 2019, '1.7020'),
(1102, 2, '012D', 'New', 2019, '1.7036'),
(1103, 3, '012D', 'New', 2019, '1.7186'),
(1104, 5, '012D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1105, 4, '012D', 'New', 2019, '1.7109'),
(1106, 6, '012D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1107, 7, '012D', 'New', 2019, '1.7071'),
(1108, 8, '012D', 'New', 2019, '1.7111'),
(1109, 9, '012D', 'New', 2019, '1.7014'),
(1110, 10, '012D', 'New', 2019, '1.7027'),
(1111, 14, '012D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1112, 11, '012D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1113, 13, '012D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1114, 12, '012D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1115, 17, '012D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1116, 15, '012D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1117, 16, '012D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1118, 19, '012D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1119, 18, '012D', 'New', 2019, '1.7084'),
(1120, 20, '012D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1121, 21, '012D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1122, 22, '012D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1123, 23, '012D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1124, 25, '012D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1125, 24, '012D', 'New', 2019, '1.7485'),
(1126, 1, '012E', 'New', 2019, '1.3623'),
(1127, 2, '012E', 'New', 2019, '1.3671'),
(1128, 3, '012E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1129, 5, '012E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1130, 4, '012E', 'New', 2019, '1.3650'),
(1131, 6, '012E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1132, 7, '012E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1133, 8, '012E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1134, 9, '012E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1135, 10, '012E', 'New', 2019, '1.6764'),
(1136, 14, '012E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1137, 11, '012E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1138, 13, '012E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1139, 12, '012E', 'New', 2019, '1.3730'),
(1140, 17, '012E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1141, 15, '012E', 'New', 2019, '1.3452'),
(1142, 16, '012E', 'New', 2019, '1.3425'),
(1143, 19, '012E', 'New', 2019, '1.3585'),
(1144, 18, '012E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1145, 20, '012E', 'New', 2019, '1.3612'),
(1146, 21, '012E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1147, 22, '012E', 'New', 2019, '1.3469'),
(1148, 23, '012E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1149, 25, '012E', 'New', 2019, '1.4237'),
(1150, 24, '012E', 'New', 2019, '1.3413'),
(1151, 1, '013F', 'New', 2019, '1.5317'),
(1152, 2, '013F', 'New', 2019, '1.5697'),
(1153, 3, '013F', 'New', 2019, '1.5782'),
(1154, 5, '013F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1155, 4, '013F', 'New', 2019, '1.6436'),
(1156, 6, '013F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1157, 7, '013F', 'New', 2019, '1.5654'),
(1158, 8, '013F', 'New', 2019, '1.6508'),
(1159, 9, '013F', 'New', 2019, '1.6578'),
(1160, 10, '013F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1161, 14, '013F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1162, 11, '013F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1163, 13, '013F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1164, 12, '013F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1165, 17, '013F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1166, 15, '013F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1167, 16, '013F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1168, 19, '013F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1169, 18, '013F', 'New', 2019, '1.5718'),
(1170, 20, '013F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1171, 21, '013F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1172, 22, '013F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1173, 23, '013F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1174, 25, '013F', 'New', 2019, '1.5317'),
(1175, 24, '013F', 'New', 2019, '1.5494'),
(1176, 1, '012T', 'New', 2019, '1.7533'),
(1177, 2, '012T', 'New', 2019, '1.7681'),
(1178, 3, '012T', 'New', 2019, '1.7697'),
(1179, 5, '012T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1180, 4, '012T', 'New', 2019, '1.7961'),
(1181, 6, '012T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1182, 7, '012T', 'New', 2019, '1.7554'),
(1183, 8, '012T', 'New', 2019, '1.7642'),
(1184, 9, '012T', 'New', 2019, '1.7689'),
(1185, 10, '012T', 'New', 2019, '1.7538'),
(1186, 14, '012T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1187, 11, '012T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1188, 13, '012T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1189, 12, '012T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1190, 17, '012T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1191, 15, '012T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1192, 16, '012T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1193, 19, '012T', 'New', 2019, '1.8414'),
(1194, 18, '012T', 'New', 2019, '1.7538'),
(1195, 20, '012T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1196, 21, '012T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1197, 22, '012T', 'New', 2019, '1.8352'),
(1198, 23, '012T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1199, 25, '012T', 'New', 2019, '1.7564'),
(1200, 24, '012T', 'New', 2019, '1.7524'),
(1201, 1, '012W', 'New', 2019, '1.3374'),
(1202, 2, '012W', 'New', 2019, '1.0503'),
(1203, 3, '012W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1204, 5, '012W', 'New', 2019, '1.0436'),
(1205, 4, '012W', 'New', 2019, '1.0563'),
(1206, 6, '012W', 'New', 2019, '0.8378'),
(1207, 7, '012W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1208, 8, '012W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1209, 9, '012W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1210, 10, '012W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1211, 14, '012W', 'New', 2019, '1.2204'),
(1212, 11, '012W', 'New', 2019, '0.5839'),
(1213, 13, '012W', 'New', 2019, '0.6294'),
(1214, 12, '012W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1215, 17, '012W', 'New', 2019, '0.9189'),
(1216, 15, '012W', 'New', 2019, '1.2223'),
(1217, 16, '012W', 'New', 2019, '1.1749'),
(1218, 19, '012W', 'New', 2019, '0.8517'),
(1219, 18, '012W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1220, 20, '012W', 'New', 2019, '1.1524'),
(1221, 21, '012W', 'New', 2019, '0.8634'),
(1222, 22, '012W', 'New', 2019, '1.1503'),
(1223, 23, '012W', 'New', 2019, '0.8772'),
(1224, 25, '012W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1225, 24, '012W', 'New', 2019, '1.1293'),
(1226, 1, '013A', 'New', 2019, '1.5668'),
(1227, 2, '013A', 'New', 2019, '1.5712'),
(1228, 3, '013A', 'New', 2019, '1.5637'),
(1229, 5, '013A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1230, 4, '013A', 'New', 2019, '1.5764'),
(1231, 6, '013A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1232, 7, '013A', 'New', 2019, '1.5618'),
(1233, 8, '013A', 'New', 2019, '1.5750'),
(1234, 9, '013A', 'New', 2019, '1.7313'),
(1235, 10, '013A', 'New', 2019, '1.5798'),
(1236, 14, '013A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1237, 11, '013A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1238, 13, '013A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1239, 12, '013A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1240, 17, '013A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1241, 15, '013A', 'New', 2019, '2.4241'),
(1242, 16, '013A', 'New', 2019, '1.6091'),
(1243, 19, '013A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1244, 18, '013A', 'New', 2019, '1.6233');
INSERT INTO `ZScoreTable` (`z_id`, `district_id`, `unicode`, `syllabus`, `year`, `z_score`) VALUES
(1245, 20, '013A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1246, 21, '013A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1247, 22, '013A', 'New', 2019, '2.5764'),
(1248, 23, '013A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1249, 25, '013A', 'New', 2019, '1.6214'),
(1250, 24, '013A', 'New', 2019, '1.6629'),
(1251, 1, '013B', 'New', 2019, '1.4680'),
(1252, 2, '013B', 'New', 2019, '1.4676'),
(1253, 3, '013B', 'New', 2019, '1.4688'),
(1254, 5, '013B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1255, 4, '013B', 'New', 2019, '1.4644'),
(1256, 6, '013B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1257, 7, '013B', 'New', 2019, '1.4804'),
(1258, 8, '013B', 'New', 2019, '1.4676'),
(1259, 9, '013B', 'New', 2019, '1.4659'),
(1260, 10, '013B', 'New', 2019, '1.4666'),
(1261, 14, '013B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1262, 11, '013B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1263, 13, '013B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1264, 12, '013B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1265, 17, '013B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1266, 15, '013B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1267, 16, '013B', 'New', 2019, '1.5118'),
(1268, 19, '013B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1269, 18, '013B', 'New', 2019, '1.4750'),
(1270, 20, '013B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1271, 21, '013B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1272, 22, '013B', 'New', 2019, '1.4825'),
(1273, 23, '013B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1274, 25, '013B', 'New', 2019, '1.4673'),
(1275, 24, '013B', 'New', 2019, '1.4771'),
(1276, 1, '013C', 'New', 2019, '1.3618'),
(1277, 2, '013C', 'New', 2019, '1.3613'),
(1278, 3, '013C', 'New', 2019, '1.3633'),
(1279, 5, '013C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1280, 4, '013C', 'New', 2019, '1.3646'),
(1281, 6, '013C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1282, 7, '013C', 'New', 2019, '1.3607'),
(1283, 8, '013C', 'New', 2019, '1.3746'),
(1284, 9, '013C', 'New', 2019, '1.3705'),
(1285, 10, '013C', 'New', 2019, '1.3762'),
(1286, 14, '013C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1287, 11, '013C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1288, 13, '013C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1289, 12, '013C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1290, 17, '013C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1291, 15, '013C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1292, 16, '013C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1293, 19, '013C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1294, 18, '013C', 'New', 2019, '1.3762'),
(1295, 20, '013C', 'New', 2019, '1.3997'),
(1296, 21, '013C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1297, 22, '013C', 'New', 2019, '1.3779'),
(1298, 23, '013C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1299, 25, '013C', 'New', 2019, '1.4329'),
(1300, 24, '013C', 'New', 2019, '1.4290'),
(1301, 1, '013D', 'New', 2019, '1.2816'),
(1302, 2, '013D', 'New', 2019, '1.2832'),
(1303, 3, '013D', 'New', 2019, '1.2827'),
(1304, 5, '013D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1305, 4, '013D', 'New', 2019, '1.2844'),
(1306, 6, '013D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1307, 7, '013D', 'New', 2019, '1.2893'),
(1308, 8, '013D', 'New', 2019, '1.2908'),
(1309, 9, '013D', 'New', 2019, '1.3037'),
(1310, 10, '013D', 'New', 2019, '1.3070'),
(1311, 14, '013D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1312, 11, '013D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1313, 13, '013D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1314, 12, '013D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1315, 17, '013D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1316, 15, '013D', 'New', 2019, '1.3110'),
(1317, 16, '013D', 'New', 2019, '1.3741'),
(1318, 19, '013D', 'New', 2019, '1.3066'),
(1319, 18, '013D', 'New', 2019, '1.2822'),
(1320, 20, '013D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1321, 21, '013D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1322, 22, '013D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1323, 23, '013D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1324, 25, '013D', 'New', 2019, '1.3069'),
(1325, 24, '013D', 'New', 2019, '1.2843'),
(1326, 1, '013E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1327, 2, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.9152'),
(1328, 3, '013E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1329, 5, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.7967'),
(1330, 4, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.8491'),
(1331, 6, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.7743'),
(1332, 7, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.0991'),
(1333, 8, '013E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1334, 9, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.0318'),
(1335, 10, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.0796'),
(1336, 14, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.9810'),
(1337, 11, '013E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1338, 13, '013E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1339, 12, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.7878'),
(1340, 17, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.7829'),
(1341, 15, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.8380'),
(1342, 16, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.8009'),
(1343, 19, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.7830'),
(1344, 18, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.1288'),
(1345, 20, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.8303'),
(1346, 21, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.7939'),
(1347, 22, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.9900'),
(1348, 23, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.7962'),
(1349, 25, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.9000'),
(1350, 24, '013E', 'New', 2019, '0.7774'),
(1351, 1, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.2180'),
(1352, 2, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.1812'),
(1353, 3, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.2149'),
(1354, 5, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.2149'),
(1355, 4, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.2010'),
(1356, 6, '013E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1357, 7, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.1823'),
(1358, 8, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.2237'),
(1359, 9, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.2279'),
(1360, 10, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.2604'),
(1361, 14, '013E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1362, 11, '013E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1363, 13, '013E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1364, 12, '013E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1365, 17, '013E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1366, 15, '013E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1367, 16, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.2411'),
(1368, 19, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.1941'),
(1369, 18, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.1824'),
(1370, 20, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.2245'),
(1371, 21, '013E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1372, 22, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.1893'),
(1373, 23, '013E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1374, 25, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.1819'),
(1375, 24, '013E', 'New', 2019, '1.1819'),
(1376, 1, '013H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1377, 2, '013H', 'New', 2019, '0.9917'),
(1378, 3, '013H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1379, 5, '013H', 'New', 2019, '0.6535'),
(1380, 4, '013H', 'New', 2019, '0.8532'),
(1381, 6, '013H', 'New', 2019, '0.4816'),
(1382, 7, '013H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1383, 8, '013H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1384, 9, '013H', 'New', 2019, '1.0115'),
(1385, 10, '013H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1386, 14, '013H', 'New', 2019, '0.6452'),
(1387, 11, '013H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1388, 13, '013H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1389, 12, '013H', 'New', 2019, '0.5057'),
(1390, 17, '013H', 'New', 2019, '0.4753'),
(1391, 15, '013H', 'New', 2019, '0.5571'),
(1392, 16, '013H', 'New', 2019, '0.7071'),
(1393, 19, '013H', 'New', 2019, '0.7167'),
(1394, 18, '013H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1395, 20, '013H', 'New', 2019, '0.6686'),
(1396, 21, '013H', 'New', 2019, '0.5083'),
(1397, 22, '013H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1398, 23, '013H', 'New', 2019, '0.5639'),
(1399, 25, '013H', 'New', 2019, '0.9751'),
(1400, 24, '013H', 'New', 2019, '0.6756'),
(1401, 1, '013J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1402, 2, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.9388'),
(1403, 3, '013J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1404, 5, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.8534'),
(1405, 4, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.9594'),
(1406, 6, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.5050'),
(1407, 7, '013J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1408, 8, '013J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1409, 9, '013J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1410, 10, '013J', 'New', 2019, '1.1386'),
(1411, 14, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.3748'),
(1412, 11, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.3022'),
(1413, 13, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.3776'),
(1414, 12, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.0614'),
(1415, 17, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.3773'),
(1416, 15, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.5644'),
(1417, 16, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.7023'),
(1418, 19, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.7636'),
(1419, 18, '013J', 'New', 2019, '1.1269'),
(1420, 20, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.7069'),
(1421, 21, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.5248'),
(1422, 22, '013J', 'New', 2019, '1.0633'),
(1423, 23, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.6689'),
(1424, 25, '013J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1425, 24, '013J', 'New', 2019, '0.7149'),
(1426, 1, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.4067'),
(1427, 2, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.3517'),
(1428, 3, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.5486'),
(1429, 5, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.1668'),
(1430, 4, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.4178'),
(1431, 6, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.0263'),
(1432, 7, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.5119'),
(1433, 8, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.5557'),
(1434, 9, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.5558'),
(1435, 10, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.5643'),
(1436, 14, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.3785'),
(1437, 11, '014L', 'New', 2019, '0.8700'),
(1438, 13, '014L', 'New', 2019, '0.9222'),
(1439, 12, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.3913'),
(1440, 17, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.3478'),
(1441, 15, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.3405'),
(1442, 16, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.4821'),
(1443, 19, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.3442'),
(1444, 18, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.5252'),
(1445, 20, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.2476'),
(1446, 21, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.0930'),
(1447, 22, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.4841'),
(1448, 23, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.2799'),
(1449, 25, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.5743'),
(1450, 24, '014L', 'New', 2019, '1.4872'),
(1451, 1, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0226'),
(1452, 2, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0372'),
(1453, 3, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0481'),
(1454, 5, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0985'),
(1455, 4, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0685'),
(1456, 6, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.1192'),
(1457, 7, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0479'),
(1458, 8, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0334'),
(1459, 9, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0344'),
(1460, 10, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0382'),
(1461, 14, '015K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1462, 11, '015K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1463, 13, '015K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1464, 12, '015K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1465, 17, '015K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1466, 15, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0296'),
(1467, 16, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0249'),
(1468, 19, '015K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1469, 18, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0285'),
(1470, 20, '015K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1471, 21, '015K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1472, 22, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0381'),
(1473, 23, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0762'),
(1474, 25, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0322'),
(1475, 24, '015K', 'New', 2019, '1.0312'),
(1476, 1, '015L', 'New', 2019, '1.1354'),
(1477, 2, '015L', 'New', 2019, '1.1279'),
(1478, 3, '015L', 'New', 2019, '1.1269'),
(1479, 5, '015L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1480, 4, '015L', 'New', 2019, '1.1186'),
(1481, 6, '015L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1482, 7, '015L', 'New', 2019, '1.1610'),
(1483, 8, '015L', 'New', 2019, '1.1428'),
(1484, 9, '015L', 'New', 2019, '1.1230'),
(1485, 10, '015L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1486, 14, '015L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1487, 11, '015L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1488, 13, '015L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1489, 12, '015L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1490, 17, '015L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1491, 15, '015L', 'New', 2019, '1.2668'),
(1492, 16, '015L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1493, 19, '015L', 'New', 2019, '1.1246'),
(1494, 18, '015L', 'New', 2019, '1.1113'),
(1495, 20, '015L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1496, 21, '015L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1497, 22, '015L', 'New', 2019, '1.1481'),
(1498, 23, '015L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1499, 25, '015L', 'New', 2019, '1.1642'),
(1500, 24, '015L', 'New', 2019, '1.1237'),
(1501, 1, '015M', 'New', 2019, '0.9960'),
(1502, 2, '015M', 'New', 2019, '0.9950'),
(1503, 3, '015M', 'New', 2019, '1.0515'),
(1504, 5, '015M', 'New', 2019, '1.0301'),
(1505, 4, '015M', 'New', 2019, '1.0024'),
(1506, 6, '015M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1507, 7, '015M', 'New', 2019, '1.0509'),
(1508, 8, '015M', 'New', 2019, '0.9991'),
(1509, 9, '015M', 'New', 2019, '1.0046'),
(1510, 10, '015M', 'New', 2019, '1.0036'),
(1511, 14, '015M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1512, 11, '015M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1513, 13, '015M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1514, 12, '015M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1515, 17, '015M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1516, 15, '015M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1517, 16, '015M', 'New', 2019, '1.1417'),
(1518, 19, '015M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1519, 18, '015M', 'New', 2019, '0.9997'),
(1520, 20, '015M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1521, 21, '015M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1522, 22, '015M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1523, 23, '015M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1524, 25, '015M', 'New', 2019, '1.0215'),
(1525, 24, '015M', 'New', 2019, '0.9953'),
(1526, 1, '015R', 'New', 2019, '0.9735'),
(1527, 2, '015R', 'New', 2019, '0.9309'),
(1528, 3, '015R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1529, 5, '015R', 'New', 2019, '0.7706'),
(1530, 4, '015R', 'New', 2019, '0.6397'),
(1531, 6, '015R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1532, 7, '015R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1533, 8, '015R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1534, 9, '015R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1535, 10, '015R', 'New', 2019, '0.9822'),
(1536, 14, '015R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1537, 11, '015R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1538, 13, '015R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1539, 12, '015R', 'New', 2019, '1.2816'),
(1540, 17, '015R', 'New', 2019, '0.6268'),
(1541, 15, '015R', 'New', 2019, '0.6568'),
(1542, 16, '015R', 'New', 2019, '0.7004'),
(1543, 19, '015R', 'New', 2019, '0.6627'),
(1544, 18, '015R', 'New', 2019, '0.9539'),
(1545, 20, '015R', 'New', 2019, '0.5992'),
(1546, 21, '015R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1547, 22, '015R', 'New', 2019, '0.8768'),
(1548, 23, '015R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1549, 25, '015R', 'New', 2019, '0.8907'),
(1550, 24, '015R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1551, 1, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.9726'),
(1552, 2, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.9796'),
(1553, 3, '015W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1554, 5, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.7838'),
(1555, 4, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.7342'),
(1556, 6, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.3741'),
(1557, 7, '015W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1558, 8, '015W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1559, 9, '015W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1560, 10, '015W', 'New', 2019, '1.0029'),
(1561, 14, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.2526'),
(1562, 11, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.5298'),
(1563, 13, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.3657'),
(1564, 12, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.0498'),
(1565, 17, '015W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1566, 15, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.7273'),
(1567, 16, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.6952'),
(1568, 19, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.6500'),
(1569, 18, '015W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1570, 20, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.5971'),
(1571, 21, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.4576'),
(1572, 22, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.9574'),
(1573, 23, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.5563'),
(1574, 25, '015W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1575, 24, '015W', 'New', 2019, '0.8694'),
(1576, 1, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7418'),
(1577, 2, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7400'),
(1578, 3, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7425'),
(1579, 5, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7535'),
(1580, 4, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7481'),
(1581, 6, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7424'),
(1582, 7, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7407'),
(1583, 8, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7412'),
(1584, 9, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7591'),
(1585, 10, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7431'),
(1586, 14, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7412'),
(1587, 11, '016A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1588, 13, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7536'),
(1589, 12, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7756'),
(1590, 17, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7444'),
(1591, 15, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7628'),
(1592, 16, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7478'),
(1593, 19, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7573'),
(1594, 18, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7469'),
(1595, 20, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7406'),
(1596, 21, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7541'),
(1597, 22, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7517'),
(1598, 23, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7506'),
(1599, 25, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7413'),
(1600, 24, '016A', 'New', 2019, '1.7457'),
(1601, 1, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6036'),
(1602, 2, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6025'),
(1603, 3, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6263'),
(1604, 5, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6312'),
(1605, 4, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6024'),
(1606, 6, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6048'),
(1607, 7, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6062'),
(1608, 8, '016B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1609, 9, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6139'),
(1610, 10, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6037'),
(1611, 14, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6659'),
(1612, 11, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6994'),
(1613, 13, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6189'),
(1614, 12, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6270'),
(1615, 17, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6024'),
(1616, 15, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6079'),
(1617, 16, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6053'),
(1618, 19, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6134'),
(1619, 18, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6029'),
(1620, 20, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6183'),
(1621, 21, '016B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1622, 22, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6078'),
(1623, 23, '016B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1624, 25, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6379'),
(1625, 24, '016B', 'New', 2019, '1.6024'),
(1626, 1, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8391'),
(1627, 2, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8340'),
(1628, 3, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8364'),
(1629, 5, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8561'),
(1630, 4, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8396'),
(1631, 6, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8513'),
(1632, 7, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8359'),
(1633, 8, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8372'),
(1634, 9, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8531'),
(1635, 10, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8390'),
(1636, 14, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.9165'),
(1637, 11, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8838'),
(1638, 13, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8777'),
(1639, 12, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8759'),
(1640, 17, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8494'),
(1641, 15, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.9336'),
(1642, 16, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8857'),
(1643, 19, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8340'),
(1644, 18, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8409'),
(1645, 20, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8427'),
(1646, 21, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8427'),
(1647, 22, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8624'),
(1648, 23, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8365'),
(1649, 25, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8433'),
(1650, 24, '016C', 'New', 2019, '1.8378'),
(1651, 1, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6417'),
(1652, 2, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6442'),
(1653, 3, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6442'),
(1654, 5, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6408'),
(1655, 4, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6471'),
(1656, 6, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6471'),
(1657, 7, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6429'),
(1658, 8, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6447'),
(1659, 9, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6681'),
(1660, 10, '016D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1661, 14, '016D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1662, 11, '016D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1663, 13, '016D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1664, 12, '016D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1665, 17, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6534'),
(1666, 15, '016D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1667, 16, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.7222'),
(1668, 19, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6576'),
(1669, 18, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6429'),
(1670, 20, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6553'),
(1671, 21, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6613'),
(1672, 22, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6489'),
(1673, 23, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6411'),
(1674, 25, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6434'),
(1675, 24, '016D', 'New', 2019, '1.6418'),
(1676, 1, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.2740'),
(1677, 2, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.3443'),
(1678, 3, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.4678'),
(1679, 5, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.1997'),
(1680, 4, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.2974'),
(1681, 6, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.2850'),
(1682, 7, '016E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1683, 8, '016E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1684, 9, '016E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1685, 10, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.1695'),
(1686, 14, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.3049'),
(1687, 11, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.2869'),
(1688, 13, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.2877'),
(1689, 12, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.1327'),
(1690, 17, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.1136'),
(1691, 15, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.1616'),
(1692, 16, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.1229'),
(1693, 19, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.2384'),
(1694, 18, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.4130'),
(1695, 20, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.2748'),
(1696, 21, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.1406'),
(1697, 22, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.3036'),
(1698, 23, '016E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1699, 25, '016E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1700, 24, '016E', 'New', 2019, '1.3052'),
(1701, 1, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4347'),
(1702, 2, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4369'),
(1703, 3, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4375'),
(1704, 5, '016F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1705, 4, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4462'),
(1706, 6, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4535'),
(1707, 7, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4345'),
(1708, 8, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4800'),
(1709, 9, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4408'),
(1710, 10, '016F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1711, 14, '016F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1712, 11, '016F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1713, 13, '016F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1714, 12, '016F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1715, 17, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4474'),
(1716, 15, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4419'),
(1717, 16, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4425'),
(1718, 19, '016F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1719, 18, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4641'),
(1720, 20, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4375'),
(1721, 21, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.5816'),
(1722, 22, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4357'),
(1723, 23, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4401'),
(1724, 25, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4480'),
(1725, 24, '016F', 'New', 2019, '1.4356'),
(1726, 1, '016H', 'New', 2019, '1.2717'),
(1727, 2, '016H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1728, 3, '016H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1729, 5, '016H', 'New', 2019, '1.1793'),
(1730, 4, '016H', 'New', 2019, '1.3030'),
(1731, 6, '016H', 'New', 2019, '1.1124'),
(1732, 7, '016H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1733, 8, '016H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1734, 9, '016H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1735, 10, '016H', 'New', 2019, '1.3300'),
(1736, 14, '016H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1737, 11, '016H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1738, 13, '016H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1739, 12, '016H', 'New', 2019, '1.1315'),
(1740, 17, '016H', 'New', 2019, '1.1125'),
(1741, 15, '016H', 'New', 2019, '1.1638'),
(1742, 16, '016H', 'New', 2019, '1.1057'),
(1743, 19, '016H', 'New', 2019, '1.2617'),
(1744, 18, '016H', 'New', 2019, '1.3911'),
(1745, 20, '016H', 'New', 2019, '1.2753'),
(1746, 21, '016H', 'New', 2019, '1.1375'),
(1747, 22, '016H', 'New', 2019, '1.2869'),
(1748, 23, '016H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1749, 25, '016H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1750, 24, '016H', 'New', 2019, '1.2761'),
(1751, 1, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.2674'),
(1752, 2, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.3417'),
(1753, 3, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.3823'),
(1754, 5, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.1706'),
(1755, 4, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.2926'),
(1756, 6, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.1137'),
(1757, 7, '016J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1758, 8, '016J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1759, 9, '016J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1760, 10, '016J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1761, 14, '016J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1762, 11, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.3084'),
(1763, 13, '016J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1764, 12, '016J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1765, 17, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.2029'),
(1766, 15, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.1670'),
(1767, 16, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.0745'),
(1768, 19, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.2511'),
(1769, 18, '016J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1770, 20, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.3001'),
(1771, 21, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.1573'),
(1772, 22, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.3023'),
(1773, 23, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.3363'),
(1774, 25, '016J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1775, 24, '016J', 'New', 2019, '1.3159'),
(1776, 1, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3318'),
(1777, 2, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3387'),
(1778, 3, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3785'),
(1779, 5, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3446'),
(1780, 4, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3391'),
(1781, 6, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3435'),
(1782, 7, '016K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1783, 8, '016K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1784, 9, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3589'),
(1785, 10, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.5819'),
(1786, 14, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3712'),
(1787, 11, '016K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1788, 13, '016K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1789, 12, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.4898'),
(1790, 17, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3454'),
(1791, 15, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3341'),
(1792, 16, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3496'),
(1793, 19, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3313'),
(1794, 18, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3976'),
(1795, 20, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3313'),
(1796, 21, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3324'),
(1797, 22, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3337'),
(1798, 23, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3306'),
(1799, 25, '016K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1800, 24, '016K', 'New', 2019, '1.3349'),
(1801, 1, '016L', 'New', 2019, '1.3914'),
(1802, 2, '016L', 'New', 2019, '1.3910'),
(1803, 3, '016L', 'New', 2019, '1.3920'),
(1804, 5, '016L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1805, 4, '016L', 'New', 2019, '1.3963'),
(1806, 6, '016L', 'New', 2019, '1.3915'),
(1807, 7, '016L', 'New', 2019, '1.3963'),
(1808, 8, '016L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1809, 9, '016L', 'New', 2019, '1.3946'),
(1810, 10, '016L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1811, 14, '016L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1812, 11, '016L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1813, 13, '016L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1814, 12, '016L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1815, 17, '016L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1816, 15, '016L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1817, 16, '016L', 'New', 2019, '1.4095'),
(1818, 19, '016L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1819, 18, '016L', 'New', 2019, '1.3995'),
(1820, 20, '016L', 'New', 2019, '1.4333'),
(1821, 21, '016L', 'New', 2019, '1.3995'),
(1822, 22, '016L', 'New', 2019, '1.3920'),
(1823, 23, '016L', 'New', 2019, '1.4050'),
(1824, 25, '016L', 'New', 2019, '1.4197'),
(1825, 24, '016L', 'New', 2019, '1.3933'),
(1826, 1, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.4260'),
(1827, 2, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.4204'),
(1828, 3, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.4302'),
(1829, 5, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.4246'),
(1830, 4, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.4216'),
(1831, 6, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.4351'),
(1832, 7, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.5466'),
(1833, 8, '016M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1834, 9, '016M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1835, 10, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.4923'),
(1836, 14, '016M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1837, 11, '016M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1838, 13, '016M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1839, 12, '016M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1840, 17, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.4352'),
(1841, 15, '016M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1842, 16, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.4475'),
(1843, 19, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.4204'),
(1844, 18, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.4272'),
(1845, 20, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.4302'),
(1846, 21, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.4406'),
(1847, 22, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.5028'),
(1848, 23, '016M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1849, 25, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.4271'),
(1850, 24, '016M', 'New', 2019, '1.4947'),
(1851, 1, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.6303'),
(1852, 2, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.5533'),
(1853, 3, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.6195'),
(1854, 5, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.5524'),
(1855, 4, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.6299'),
(1856, 6, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.3809'),
(1857, 7, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.5520'),
(1858, 8, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.6301'),
(1859, 9, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.5974'),
(1860, 10, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.6146'),
(1861, 14, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.5668'),
(1862, 11, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.4645'),
(1863, 13, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.1941'),
(1864, 12, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.5315'),
(1865, 17, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.5771'),
(1866, 15, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.5666'),
(1867, 16, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.3895'),
(1868, 19, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.4517'),
(1869, 18, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.6208'),
(1870, 20, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.6177'),
(1871, 21, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.6207'),
(1872, 22, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.6152'),
(1873, 23, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.4573'),
(1874, 25, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.1624'),
(1875, 24, '017C', 'New', 2019, '1.6017'),
(1876, 1, '018C', 'New', 2019, '1.6139'),
(1877, 2, '018C', 'New', 2019, '1.6165'),
(1878, 3, '018C', 'New', 2019, '1.6232'),
(1879, 5, '018C', 'New', 2019, '1.6300'),
(1880, 4, '018C', 'New', 2019, '1.6416'),
(1881, 6, '018C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1882, 7, '018C', 'New', 2019, '1.6139'),
(1883, 8, '018C', 'New', 2019, '1.6363'),
(1884, 9, '018C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1885, 10, '018C', 'New', 2019, '1.6404'),
(1886, 14, '018C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1887, 11, '018C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1888, 13, '018C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1889, 12, '018C', 'New', 2019, '1.6307'),
(1890, 17, '018C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1891, 15, '018C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1892, 16, '018C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1893, 19, '018C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1894, 18, '018C', 'New', 2019, '1.6173'),
(1895, 20, '018C', 'New', 2019, '1.6202'),
(1896, 21, '018C', 'New', 2019, '1.6152'),
(1897, 22, '018C', 'New', 2019, '1.6479'),
(1898, 23, '018C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1899, 25, '018C', 'New', 2019, '1.6141'),
(1900, 24, '018C', 'New', 2019, '1.6213'),
(1901, 1, '018D', 'New', 2019, '1.5102'),
(1902, 2, '018D', 'New', 2019, '1.5102'),
(1903, 3, '018D', 'New', 2019, '1.5232'),
(1904, 5, '018D', 'New', 2019, '1.5236'),
(1905, 4, '018D', 'New', 2019, '1.5250'),
(1906, 6, '018D', 'New', 2019, '1.5194'),
(1907, 7, '018D', 'New', 2019, '1.5102'),
(1908, 8, '018D', 'New', 2019, '1.5218'),
(1909, 9, '018D', 'New', 2019, '1.5743'),
(1910, 10, '018D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1911, 14, '018D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1912, 11, '018D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1913, 13, '018D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1914, 12, '018D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1915, 17, '018D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1916, 15, '018D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1917, 16, '018D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1918, 19, '018D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1919, 18, '018D', 'New', 2019, '1.5156'),
(1920, 20, '018D', 'New', 2019, '1.5291'),
(1921, 21, '018D', 'New', 2019, '1.5115'),
(1922, 22, '018D', 'New', 2019, '1.5150'),
(1923, 23, '018D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1924, 25, '018D', 'New', 2019, '1.5125'),
(1925, 24, '018D', 'New', 2019, '1.5284'),
(1926, 1, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.2496'),
(1927, 2, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.2724'),
(1928, 3, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.3498'),
(1929, 5, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.1370'),
(1930, 4, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.2526'),
(1931, 6, '018E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1932, 7, '018E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1933, 8, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.4591'),
(1934, 9, '018E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1935, 10, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.1222'),
(1936, 14, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.2532'),
(1937, 11, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.2716'),
(1938, 13, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.1147'),
(1939, 12, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.0890'),
(1940, 17, '018E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1941, 15, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.1364'),
(1942, 16, '018E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1943, 19, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.1899'),
(1944, 18, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.3412'),
(1945, 20, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.2481'),
(1946, 21, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.0964'),
(1947, 22, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.2422'),
(1948, 23, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.3071'),
(1949, 25, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.3791'),
(1950, 24, '018E', 'New', 2019, '1.2266'),
(1951, 1, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.2557'),
(1952, 2, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.2723'),
(1953, 3, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.3466'),
(1954, 5, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.1456'),
(1955, 4, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.2519'),
(1956, 6, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.0755'),
(1957, 7, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.3183'),
(1958, 8, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.4068'),
(1959, 9, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.3012'),
(1960, 10, '018H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1961, 14, '018H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1962, 11, '018H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1963, 13, '018H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1964, 12, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.0798'),
(1965, 17, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.0123'),
(1966, 15, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.1386'),
(1967, 16, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.0405'),
(1968, 19, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.1898'),
(1969, 18, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.3541'),
(1970, 20, '018H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1971, 21, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.0652'),
(1972, 22, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.3290'),
(1973, 23, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.6146'),
(1974, 25, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.3897'),
(1975, 24, '018H', 'New', 2019, '1.2249'),
(1976, 1, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.2509'),
(1977, 2, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.2777'),
(1978, 3, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.3472'),
(1979, 5, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.1468'),
(1980, 4, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.2662'),
(1981, 6, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.0805'),
(1982, 7, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.3220'),
(1983, 8, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.4222'),
(1984, 9, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.3412'),
(1985, 10, '018J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1986, 14, '018J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1987, 11, '018J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1988, 13, '018J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(1989, 12, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.1040'),
(1990, 17, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.0029'),
(1991, 15, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.1444'),
(1992, 16, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.0276'),
(1993, 19, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.1861'),
(1994, 18, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.3529'),
(1995, 20, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.2668'),
(1996, 21, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.0712'),
(1997, 22, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.2434'),
(1998, 23, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.3152'),
(1999, 25, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.4125'),
(2000, 24, '018J', 'New', 2019, '1.2323'),
(2001, 1, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6815'),
(2002, 2, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.5858'),
(2003, 3, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6521'),
(2004, 5, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.5625'),
(2005, 4, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.5685'),
(2006, 6, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.5919'),
(2007, 7, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6067'),
(2008, 8, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6025'),
(2009, 9, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6860'),
(2010, 10, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6939'),
(2011, 14, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6318'),
(2012, 11, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.5616'),
(2013, 13, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.0780'),
(2014, 12, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.5808'),
(2015, 17, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.5703'),
(2016, 15, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6988'),
(2017, 16, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.5760'),
(2018, 19, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6743'),
(2019, 18, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6711'),
(2020, 20, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6511'),
(2021, 21, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6267'),
(2022, 22, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6349'),
(2023, 23, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6263'),
(2024, 25, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6355'),
(2025, 24, '028C', 'New', 2019, '1.6423'),
(2026, 1, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.7328'),
(2027, 2, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.7300'),
(2028, 3, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.7290'),
(2029, 5, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.5795'),
(2030, 4, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.7450'),
(2031, 6, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.7227'),
(2032, 7, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.6220'),
(2033, 8, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.7350'),
(2034, 9, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.5323'),
(2035, 10, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.6349'),
(2036, 14, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.1875'),
(2037, 11, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.5592'),
(2038, 13, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.1356'),
(2039, 12, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.6023'),
(2040, 17, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.5913'),
(2041, 15, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.6908'),
(2042, 16, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.3970'),
(2043, 19, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.6529'),
(2044, 18, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.7375'),
(2045, 20, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.6955'),
(2046, 21, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.5727'),
(2047, 22, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.7380'),
(2048, 23, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.3741'),
(2049, 25, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.6073'),
(2050, 24, '077C', 'New', 2019, '1.6423'),
(2051, 1, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.4807'),
(2052, 2, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.4572'),
(2053, 3, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.1819'),
(2054, 5, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.2414'),
(2055, 4, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.4738'),
(2056, 6, '110D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2057, 7, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.2403'),
(2058, 8, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.1887'),
(2059, 9, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.1574'),
(2060, 10, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.4431'),
(2061, 14, '110D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2062, 11, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.1493'),
(2063, 13, '110D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2064, 12, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.0114'),
(2065, 17, '110D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2066, 15, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.4202'),
(2067, 16, '110D', 'New', 2019, '0.6752'),
(2068, 19, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.1456'),
(2069, 18, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.3484'),
(2070, 20, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.1868'),
(2071, 21, '110D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2072, 22, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.4001'),
(2073, 23, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.2519'),
(2074, 25, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.2416'),
(2075, 24, '110D', 'New', 2019, '1.2808'),
(2076, 1, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9660'),
(2077, 2, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9646'),
(2078, 3, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9704'),
(2079, 5, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9784'),
(2080, 4, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9967'),
(2081, 6, '025A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2082, 7, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9672'),
(2083, 8, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9649'),
(2084, 9, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9772'),
(2085, 10, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9744'),
(2086, 14, '025A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2087, 11, '025A', 'New', 2019, '2.1073'),
(2088, 13, '025A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2089, 12, '025A', 'New', 2019, '2.0641'),
(2090, 17, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9819'),
(2091, 15, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9840'),
(2092, 16, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9824'),
(2093, 19, '025A', 'New', 2019, '2.0031'),
(2094, 18, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9659'),
(2095, 20, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9740'),
(2096, 21, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9776'),
(2097, 22, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9670'),
(2098, 23, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9807'),
(2099, 25, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9897'),
(2100, 24, '025A', 'New', 2019, '1.9647'),
(2101, 1, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9265'),
(2102, 2, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9298'),
(2103, 3, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9288'),
(2104, 5, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9239'),
(2105, 4, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9310'),
(2106, 6, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9352'),
(2107, 7, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9289'),
(2108, 8, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9321'),
(2109, 9, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9424'),
(2110, 10, '025B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2111, 14, '025B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2112, 11, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9537'),
(2113, 13, '025B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2114, 12, '025B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2115, 17, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9274'),
(2116, 15, '025B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2117, 16, '025B', 'New', 2019, '2.0083'),
(2118, 19, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9246'),
(2119, 18, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9477'),
(2120, 20, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9555'),
(2121, 21, '025B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2122, 22, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9286'),
(2123, 23, '025B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2124, 25, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9277'),
(2125, 24, '025B', 'New', 2019, '1.9462'),
(2126, 1, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.7806'),
(2127, 2, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.7050'),
(2128, 3, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.7934'),
(2129, 5, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.9065'),
(2130, 4, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.7846'),
(2131, 6, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.7061'),
(2132, 7, '025E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2133, 8, '025E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2134, 9, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.8919'),
(2135, 10, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.8854'),
(2136, 14, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.5392'),
(2137, 11, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.9027'),
(2138, 13, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.8175'),
(2139, 12, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.7697'),
(2140, 17, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.8600'),
(2141, 15, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.6492'),
(2142, 16, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.7828'),
(2143, 19, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.8872'),
(2144, 18, '025E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2145, 20, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.9716'),
(2146, 21, '025E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2147, 22, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.8954'),
(2148, 23, '025E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2149, 25, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.8959'),
(2150, 24, '025E', 'New', 2019, '1.9035'),
(2151, 1, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7576'),
(2152, 2, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7563'),
(2153, 3, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7567'),
(2154, 5, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.8045'),
(2155, 4, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7700'),
(2156, 6, '019A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2157, 7, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7586'),
(2158, 8, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7579'),
(2159, 9, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7600'),
(2160, 10, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7804'),
(2161, 14, '019A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2162, 11, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.8587'),
(2163, 13, '019A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2164, 12, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.8282'),
(2165, 17, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7925'),
(2166, 15, '019A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2167, 16, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7644'),
(2168, 19, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7601'),
(2169, 18, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7565'),
(2170, 20, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7595'),
(2171, 21, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7710'),
(2172, 22, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7680'),
(2173, 23, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7670'),
(2174, 25, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7586'),
(2175, 24, '019A', 'New', 2019, '1.7572'),
(2176, 1, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6055'),
(2177, 2, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6005'),
(2178, 3, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6005'),
(2179, 5, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6142'),
(2180, 4, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6005'),
(2181, 6, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6056'),
(2182, 7, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6002'),
(2183, 8, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6053'),
(2184, 9, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.5981'),
(2185, 10, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6175'),
(2186, 14, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6132'),
(2187, 11, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6844'),
(2188, 13, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6127'),
(2189, 12, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6075'),
(2190, 17, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6110'),
(2191, 15, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6042'),
(2192, 16, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.5988'),
(2193, 19, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.5976'),
(2194, 18, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.5993'),
(2195, 20, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.5993'),
(2196, 21, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.6028'),
(2197, 22, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.5981'),
(2198, 23, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.5982'),
(2199, 25, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.5986'),
(2200, 24, '019B', 'New', 2019, '1.5997'),
(2201, 1, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5650'),
(2202, 2, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5640'),
(2203, 3, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5722'),
(2204, 5, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5685'),
(2205, 4, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5654'),
(2206, 6, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.6764'),
(2207, 7, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5639'),
(2208, 8, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5777'),
(2209, 9, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5655'),
(2210, 10, '019C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2211, 14, '019C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2212, 11, '019C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2213, 13, '019C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2214, 12, '019C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2215, 17, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5630'),
(2216, 15, '019C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2217, 16, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5629'),
(2218, 19, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5659'),
(2219, 18, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5624'),
(2220, 20, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5624'),
(2221, 21, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.6296'),
(2222, 22, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5627'),
(2223, 23, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5737'),
(2224, 25, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5663'),
(2225, 24, '019C', 'New', 2019, '1.5632'),
(2226, 1, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5054'),
(2227, 2, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5034'),
(2228, 3, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5040'),
(2229, 5, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5051'),
(2230, 4, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5041'),
(2231, 6, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5038'),
(2232, 7, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5041'),
(2233, 8, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5065'),
(2234, 9, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5041'),
(2235, 10, '019D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2236, 14, '019D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2237, 11, '019D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2238, 13, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5086'),
(2239, 12, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5499'),
(2240, 17, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5177'),
(2241, 15, '019D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2242, 16, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5068'),
(2243, 19, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5036'),
(2244, 18, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5053'),
(2245, 20, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5052'),
(2246, 21, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5065'),
(2247, 22, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5072'),
(2248, 23, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5101'),
(2249, 25, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5077'),
(2250, 24, '019D', 'New', 2019, '1.5063'),
(2251, 1, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.3070'),
(2252, 2, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1767'),
(2253, 3, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.2193'),
(2254, 5, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1680'),
(2255, 4, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1738'),
(2256, 6, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1685'),
(2257, 7, '019E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2258, 8, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.2186'),
(2259, 9, '019E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2260, 10, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1650'),
(2261, 14, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1677'),
(2262, 11, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1762'),
(2263, 13, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1648'),
(2264, 12, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1821'),
(2265, 17, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1890'),
(2266, 15, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1658'),
(2267, 16, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1862'),
(2268, 19, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1693'),
(2269, 18, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1869'),
(2270, 20, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.2692'),
(2271, 21, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.2889'),
(2272, 22, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.2122'),
(2273, 23, '019E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2274, 25, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1889'),
(2275, 24, '019E', 'New', 2019, '1.1689'),
(2276, 1, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4257'),
(2277, 2, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4307'),
(2278, 3, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4250'),
(2279, 5, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4652'),
(2280, 4, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4300'),
(2281, 6, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4407'),
(2282, 7, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4261'),
(2283, 8, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4333'),
(2284, 9, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4251'),
(2285, 10, '019F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2286, 14, '019F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2287, 11, '019F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2288, 13, '019F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2289, 12, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4355'),
(2290, 17, '019F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2291, 15, '019F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2292, 16, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4256'),
(2293, 19, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4313'),
(2294, 18, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4287'),
(2295, 20, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4259'),
(2296, 21, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4250'),
(2297, 22, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4303'),
(2298, 23, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4251'),
(2299, 25, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4404'),
(2300, 24, '019F', 'New', 2019, '1.4263'),
(2301, 1, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1380'),
(2302, 2, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1072'),
(2303, 3, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1151'),
(2304, 5, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1070'),
(2305, 4, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1243'),
(2306, 6, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1074'),
(2307, 7, '019H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2308, 8, '019H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2309, 9, '019H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2310, 10, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1080'),
(2311, 14, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1105'),
(2312, 11, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1122'),
(2313, 13, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1074'),
(2314, 12, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1224'),
(2315, 17, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1085'),
(2316, 15, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1072'),
(2317, 16, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1089'),
(2318, 19, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1087'),
(2319, 18, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1116'),
(2320, 20, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1210'),
(2321, 21, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1180'),
(2322, 22, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1157'),
(2323, 23, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1540'),
(2324, 25, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1161'),
(2325, 24, '019H', 'New', 2019, '1.1101'),
(2326, 1, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.4168'),
(2327, 2, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.2428'),
(2328, 3, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.2385'),
(2329, 5, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.3110'),
(2330, 4, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.2440'),
(2331, 6, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.2520'),
(2332, 7, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.3022'),
(2333, 8, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.4663'),
(2334, 9, '019J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2335, 10, '019J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2336, 14, '019J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2337, 11, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.2448'),
(2338, 13, '019J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2339, 12, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.2882'),
(2340, 17, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.2364'),
(2341, 15, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.2525'),
(2342, 16, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.3730'),
(2343, 19, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.2433'),
(2344, 18, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.2406'),
(2345, 20, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.2373'),
(2346, 21, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.3308'),
(2347, 22, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.2936'),
(2348, 23, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.2380'),
(2349, 25, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.2381'),
(2350, 24, '019J', 'New', 2019, '1.2687'),
(2351, 1, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.3999'),
(2352, 2, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.3995'),
(2353, 3, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.4022'),
(2354, 5, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.4022'),
(2355, 4, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.3999'),
(2356, 6, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.4016'),
(2357, 7, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.4040'),
(2358, 8, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.4009'),
(2359, 9, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.4003'),
(2360, 10, '019K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2361, 14, '019K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2362, 11, '019K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2363, 13, '019K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2364, 12, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.4214'),
(2365, 17, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.4054'),
(2366, 15, '019K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2367, 16, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.4100'),
(2368, 19, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.4005'),
(2369, 18, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.3991'),
(2370, 20, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.3994'),
(2371, 21, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.4147'),
(2372, 22, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.4002'),
(2373, 23, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.4009'),
(2374, 25, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.4003'),
(2375, 24, '019K', 'New', 2019, '1.3999'),
(2376, 1, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2377, 2, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2378, 3, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2379, 5, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2380, 4, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2381, 6, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2382, 7, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2383, 8, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2384, 9, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2385, 10, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2386, 14, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2387, 11, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2388, 13, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2389, 12, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2390, 17, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2391, 15, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2392, 16, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2393, 19, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2394, 18, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2395, 20, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2396, 21, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2397, 22, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2398, 23, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2399, 25, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2400, 24, '020S', 'New', 2019, '1.3171'),
(2401, 1, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2402, 2, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2403, 3, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2404, 5, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2405, 4, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2406, 6, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2407, 7, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2408, 8, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2409, 9, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2410, 10, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2411, 14, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2412, 11, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2413, 13, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2414, 12, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2415, 17, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2416, 15, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2417, 16, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2418, 19, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2419, 18, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2420, 20, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2421, 21, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2422, 22, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2423, 23, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2424, 25, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2425, 24, '041S', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(2426, 1, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2427, 2, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2428, 3, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2429, 5, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2430, 4, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2431, 6, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2432, 7, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2433, 8, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2434, 9, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2435, 10, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2436, 14, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2437, 11, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2438, 13, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2439, 12, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2440, 17, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2441, 15, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2442, 16, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2443, 19, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2444, 18, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2445, 20, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2446, 21, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2447, 22, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2448, 23, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2449, 25, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2450, 24, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.4614'),
(2451, 1, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2452, 2, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2453, 3, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2454, 5, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2455, 4, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2456, 6, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2457, 7, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2458, 8, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2459, 9, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2460, 10, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2461, 14, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2462, 11, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2463, 13, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2464, 12, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2465, 17, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903');
INSERT INTO `ZScoreTable` (`z_id`, `district_id`, `unicode`, `syllabus`, `year`, `z_score`) VALUES
(2466, 15, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2467, 16, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2468, 19, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2469, 18, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2470, 20, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2471, 21, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2472, 22, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2473, 23, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2474, 25, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2475, 24, '021L', 'New', 2019, '1.2903'),
(2476, 1, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2477, 2, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2478, 3, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2479, 5, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2480, 4, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2481, 6, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2482, 7, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2483, 8, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2484, 9, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2485, 10, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2486, 14, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2487, 11, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2488, 13, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2489, 12, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2490, 17, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2491, 15, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2492, 16, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2493, 19, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2494, 18, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2495, 20, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2496, 21, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2497, 22, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2498, 23, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2499, 25, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2500, 24, '112B', 'New', 2019, '1.7060'),
(2501, 1, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.6185'),
(2502, 2, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.7104'),
(2503, 3, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.5738'),
(2504, 5, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.6101'),
(2505, 4, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.6957'),
(2506, 6, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.7134'),
(2507, 7, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.6387'),
(2508, 8, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.4435'),
(2509, 9, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.5519'),
(2510, 10, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.5925'),
(2511, 14, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.1716'),
(2512, 11, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.4805'),
(2513, 13, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.2200'),
(2514, 12, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.5299'),
(2515, 17, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.6521'),
(2516, 15, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.6290'),
(2517, 16, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.6348'),
(2518, 19, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.7194'),
(2519, 18, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.5390'),
(2520, 20, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.7139'),
(2521, 21, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.6400'),
(2522, 22, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.6201'),
(2523, 23, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.4793'),
(2524, 25, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.7015'),
(2525, 24, '114U', 'New', 2019, '1.6697'),
(2526, 1, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2188'),
(2527, 2, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2494'),
(2528, 3, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2421'),
(2529, 5, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.1050'),
(2530, 4, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2248'),
(2531, 6, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.0751'),
(2532, 7, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2623'),
(2533, 8, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2784'),
(2534, 9, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2815'),
(2535, 10, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.1024'),
(2536, 14, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.1986'),
(2537, 11, '022R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2538, 13, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.0984'),
(2539, 12, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.1826'),
(2540, 17, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.0019'),
(2541, 15, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.1051'),
(2542, 16, '022R', 'New', 2019, '0.9717'),
(2543, 19, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.1728'),
(2544, 18, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2748'),
(2545, 20, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2321'),
(2546, 21, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.0484'),
(2547, 22, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2575'),
(2548, 23, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2438'),
(2549, 25, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2777'),
(2550, 24, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.3117'),
(2551, 1, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2605'),
(2552, 2, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2556'),
(2553, 3, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2667'),
(2554, 5, '022W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2555, 4, '022W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2556, 6, '022W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2557, 7, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.3061'),
(2558, 8, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2953'),
(2559, 9, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2839'),
(2560, 10, '022W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2561, 14, '022W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2562, 11, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2659'),
(2563, 13, '022W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2564, 12, '022W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2565, 17, '022W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2566, 15, '022W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2567, 16, '022W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2568, 19, '022W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2569, 18, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2742'),
(2570, 20, '022W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2571, 21, '022W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2572, 22, '022W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2573, 23, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2943'),
(2574, 25, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2673'),
(2575, 24, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2690'),
(2576, 1, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2669'),
(2577, 2, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2600'),
(2578, 3, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.3393'),
(2579, 5, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.4035'),
(2580, 4, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.3509'),
(2581, 6, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.3236'),
(2582, 7, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.4281'),
(2583, 8, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.3413'),
(2584, 9, '022R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2585, 10, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2768'),
(2586, 14, '022R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2587, 11, '022R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2588, 13, '022R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2589, 12, '022R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2590, 17, '022R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2591, 15, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.2923'),
(2592, 16, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.3787'),
(2593, 19, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.3270'),
(2594, 18, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.3582'),
(2595, 20, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.3422'),
(2596, 21, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.3289'),
(2597, 22, '022R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2598, 23, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.3742'),
(2599, 25, '022R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2600, 24, '022R', 'New', 2019, '1.3346'),
(2601, 1, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2373'),
(2602, 2, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2698'),
(2603, 3, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.3278'),
(2604, 5, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.3486'),
(2605, 4, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.3314'),
(2606, 6, '022W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2607, 7, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.3496'),
(2608, 8, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.3539'),
(2609, 9, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.3523'),
(2610, 10, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.1048'),
(2611, 14, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.1321'),
(2612, 11, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2587'),
(2613, 13, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.0777'),
(2614, 12, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2108'),
(2615, 17, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2734'),
(2616, 15, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.2242'),
(2617, 16, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.3271'),
(2618, 19, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.3962'),
(2619, 18, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.3627'),
(2620, 20, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.3737'),
(2621, 21, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.4219'),
(2622, 22, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.3615'),
(2623, 23, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.3661'),
(2624, 25, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.3111'),
(2625, 24, '022W', 'New', 2019, '1.3564'),
(2626, 1, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2627, 2, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2628, 3, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2629, 5, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2630, 4, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2631, 6, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2632, 7, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2633, 8, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2634, 9, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2635, 10, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2636, 14, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2637, 11, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2638, 13, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2639, 12, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2640, 17, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2641, 15, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2642, 16, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2643, 19, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2644, 18, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2645, 20, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2646, 21, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2647, 22, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2648, 23, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2649, 25, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2650, 24, '029W', 'New', 2019, '1.2979'),
(2651, 1, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2652, 2, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2653, 3, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2654, 5, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2655, 4, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2656, 6, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2657, 7, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2658, 8, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2659, 9, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2660, 10, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2661, 14, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2662, 11, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2663, 13, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2664, 12, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2665, 17, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2666, 15, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2667, 16, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2668, 19, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2669, 18, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2670, 20, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2671, 21, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2672, 22, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2673, 23, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2674, 25, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2675, 24, '031D', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2676, 1, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2677, 2, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2678, 3, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2679, 5, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2680, 4, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2681, 6, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2682, 7, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2683, 8, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2684, 9, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2685, 10, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2686, 14, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2687, 11, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2688, 13, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2689, 12, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2690, 17, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2691, 15, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2692, 16, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2693, 19, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2694, 18, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2695, 20, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2696, 21, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2697, 22, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2698, 23, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2699, 25, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2700, 24, '063J', 'New', 2019, '0.9976'),
(2701, 1, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2702, 2, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2703, 3, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2704, 5, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2705, 4, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2706, 6, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2707, 7, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2708, 8, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2709, 9, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2710, 10, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2711, 14, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2712, 11, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2713, 13, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2714, 12, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2715, 17, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2716, 15, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2717, 16, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2718, 19, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2719, 18, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2720, 20, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2721, 21, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2722, 22, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2723, 23, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2724, 25, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2725, 24, '084J', 'New', 2019, '0.6114'),
(2726, 1, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.4412'),
(2727, 2, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.3554'),
(2728, 3, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.2340'),
(2729, 5, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.5407'),
(2730, 4, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.4199'),
(2731, 6, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.4050'),
(2732, 7, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.2638'),
(2733, 8, '023G', 'New', 2019, '0.6526'),
(2734, 9, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.3022'),
(2735, 10, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.3523'),
(2736, 14, '023G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2737, 11, '023G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2738, 13, '023G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2739, 12, '023G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2740, 17, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.0964'),
(2741, 15, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.3762'),
(2742, 16, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.4867'),
(2743, 19, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.5531'),
(2744, 18, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.4411'),
(2745, 20, '023G', 'New', 2019, '0.4933'),
(2746, 21, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.3446'),
(2747, 22, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.1946'),
(2748, 23, '023G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2749, 25, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.3131'),
(2750, 24, '023G', 'New', 2019, '1.5367'),
(2751, 1, '024G', 'New', 2019, '1.8009'),
(2752, 2, '024G', 'New', 2019, '0.2584'),
(2753, 3, '024G', 'New', 2019, '0.7200'),
(2754, 5, '024G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2755, 4, '024G', 'New', 2019, '0.8426'),
(2756, 6, '024G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2757, 7, '024G', 'New', 2019, '0.3283'),
(2758, 8, '024G', 'New', 2019, '0.8881'),
(2759, 9, '024G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2760, 10, '024G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2761, 14, '024G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2762, 11, '024G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2763, 13, '024G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2764, 12, '024G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2765, 17, '024G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2766, 15, '024G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2767, 16, '024G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2768, 19, '024G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2769, 18, '024G', 'New', 2019, '1.3013'),
(2770, 20, '024G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2771, 21, '024G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2772, 22, '024G', 'New', 2019, '0.6232'),
(2773, 23, '024G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2774, 25, '024G', 'New', 2019, '0.6012'),
(2775, 24, '024G', 'New', 2019, '0.2157'),
(2776, 1, '097G', 'New', 2019, '1.1396'),
(2777, 2, '097G', 'New', 2019, '1.1860'),
(2778, 3, '097G', 'New', 2019, '1.0780'),
(2779, 5, '097G', 'New', 2019, '1.0580'),
(2780, 4, '097G', 'New', 2019, '1.1973'),
(2781, 6, '097G', 'New', 2019, '0.8055'),
(2782, 7, '097G', 'New', 2019, '0.4459'),
(2783, 8, '097G', 'New', 2019, '0.4940'),
(2784, 9, '097G', 'New', 2019, '0.5393'),
(2785, 10, '097G', 'New', 2019, '0.9175'),
(2786, 14, '097G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2787, 11, '097G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2788, 13, '097G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2789, 12, '097G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2790, 17, '097G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2791, 15, '097G', 'New', 2019, '0.9133'),
(2792, 16, '097G', 'New', 2019, '0.9547'),
(2793, 19, '097G', 'New', 2019, '0.8576'),
(2794, 18, '097G', 'New', 2019, '1.1015'),
(2795, 20, '097G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2796, 21, '097G', 'New', 2019, '1.3387'),
(2797, 22, '097G', 'New', 2019, '0.6871'),
(2798, 23, '097G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2799, 25, '097G', 'New', 2019, '0.5095'),
(2800, 24, '097G', 'New', 2019, '1.0078'),
(2801, 1, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.6554'),
(2802, 2, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.6192'),
(2803, 3, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.6386'),
(2804, 5, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.4406'),
(2805, 4, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.7180'),
(2806, 6, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.3970'),
(2807, 7, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.6843'),
(2808, 8, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.7030'),
(2809, 9, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.5606'),
(2810, 10, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.6931'),
(2811, 14, '030G', 'New', 2019, '0.9576'),
(2812, 11, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.2149'),
(2813, 13, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.0586'),
(2814, 12, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.2448'),
(2815, 17, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.2593'),
(2816, 15, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.5003'),
(2817, 16, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.3198'),
(2818, 19, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.3527'),
(2819, 18, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.5807'),
(2820, 20, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.7019'),
(2821, 21, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.7042'),
(2822, 22, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.4013'),
(2823, 23, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.4663'),
(2824, 25, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.6310'),
(2825, 24, '030G', 'New', 2019, '1.5722'),
(2826, 1, '034G', 'New', 2019, '1.1749'),
(2827, 2, '034G', 'New', 2019, '0.9821'),
(2828, 3, '034G', 'New', 2019, '0.8918'),
(2829, 5, '034G', 'New', 2019, '1.0005'),
(2830, 4, '034G', 'New', 2019, '0.7400'),
(2831, 6, '034G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2832, 7, '034G', 'New', 2019, '1.0344'),
(2833, 8, '034G', 'New', 2019, '1.0135'),
(2834, 9, '034G', 'New', 2019, '1.0267'),
(2835, 10, '034G', 'New', 2019, '0.7364'),
(2836, 14, '034G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2837, 11, '034G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2838, 13, '034G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2839, 12, '034G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2840, 17, '034G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2841, 15, '034G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2842, 16, '034G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2843, 19, '034G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2844, 18, '034G', 'New', 2019, '0.6077'),
(2845, 20, '034G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2846, 21, '034G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2847, 22, '034G', 'New', 2019, '0.6039'),
(2848, 23, '034G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2849, 25, '034G', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2850, 24, '034G', 'New', 2019, '0.9015'),
(2851, 1, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.8370'),
(2852, 2, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.7287'),
(2853, 3, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.7903'),
(2854, 5, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.7933'),
(2855, 4, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.6755'),
(2856, 6, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.2615'),
(2857, 7, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.8633'),
(2858, 8, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.8847'),
(2859, 9, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.8265'),
(2860, 10, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.8752'),
(2861, 14, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.5367'),
(2862, 11, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.3574'),
(2863, 13, '026G', 'New', 2019, '0.9163'),
(2864, 12, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.7683'),
(2865, 17, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.3756'),
(2866, 15, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.7306'),
(2867, 16, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.6572'),
(2868, 19, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.7948'),
(2869, 18, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.8525'),
(2870, 20, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.5114'),
(2871, 21, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.6686'),
(2872, 22, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.5770'),
(2873, 23, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.3362'),
(2874, 25, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.8142'),
(2875, 24, '026G', 'New', 2019, '1.7607'),
(2876, 1, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.9169'),
(2877, 2, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.8737'),
(2878, 3, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.8620'),
(2879, 5, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.7822'),
(2880, 4, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.7076'),
(2881, 6, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.6803'),
(2882, 7, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.9046'),
(2883, 8, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.8687'),
(2884, 9, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.7310'),
(2885, 10, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.9551'),
(2886, 14, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.1048'),
(2887, 11, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.3103'),
(2888, 13, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.0995'),
(2889, 12, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.4207'),
(2890, 17, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.9637'),
(2891, 15, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.6789'),
(2892, 16, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.8565'),
(2893, 19, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.8622'),
(2894, 18, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.9115'),
(2895, 20, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.8569'),
(2896, 21, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.8747'),
(2897, 22, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.8904'),
(2898, 23, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.9034'),
(2899, 25, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.8827'),
(2900, 24, '091G', 'New', 2019, '1.9131'),
(2901, 1, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.6327'),
(2902, 2, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.6502'),
(2903, 3, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.5802'),
(2904, 5, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.4201'),
(2905, 4, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.4558'),
(2906, 6, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.5332'),
(2907, 7, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.6292'),
(2908, 8, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.6257'),
(2909, 9, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.5782'),
(2910, 10, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.6262'),
(2911, 14, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.1081'),
(2912, 11, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.4305'),
(2913, 13, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.0049'),
(2914, 12, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.3212'),
(2915, 17, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.4885'),
(2916, 15, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.3607'),
(2917, 16, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.3907'),
(2918, 19, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.4955'),
(2919, 18, '056G', 'New', 2019, '9.9999'),
(2920, 20, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.3835'),
(2921, 21, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.3599'),
(2922, 22, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.5035'),
(2923, 23, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.4080'),
(2924, 25, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.6465'),
(2925, 24, '056G', 'New', 2019, '1.6400'),
(2926, 1, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.7772'),
(2927, 2, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.6945'),
(2928, 3, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.7596'),
(2929, 5, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.3289'),
(2930, 4, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.6811'),
(2931, 6, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.3150'),
(2932, 7, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.7454'),
(2933, 8, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.7726'),
(2934, 9, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.7240'),
(2935, 10, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.6584'),
(2936, 14, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.1045'),
(2937, 11, '057G', 'New', 2019, '0.8604'),
(2938, 13, '057G', 'New', 2019, '0.7796'),
(2939, 12, '057G', 'New', 2019, '0.6910'),
(2940, 17, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.2042'),
(2941, 15, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.4104'),
(2942, 16, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.5344'),
(2943, 19, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.4338'),
(2944, 18, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.7650'),
(2945, 20, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.2907'),
(2946, 21, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.0585'),
(2947, 22, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.5667'),
(2948, 23, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.3047'),
(2949, 25, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.7030'),
(2950, 24, '057G', 'New', 2019, '1.6480'),
(2951, 1, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.7317'),
(2952, 2, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.6539'),
(2953, 3, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.7140'),
(2954, 5, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.7148'),
(2955, 4, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.5243'),
(2956, 6, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.5923'),
(2957, 7, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.6421'),
(2958, 8, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.6521'),
(2959, 9, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.6779'),
(2960, 10, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.7346'),
(2961, 14, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.1383'),
(2962, 11, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.2399'),
(2963, 13, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.1184'),
(2964, 12, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.4861'),
(2965, 17, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.4990'),
(2966, 15, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.6601'),
(2967, 16, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.5059'),
(2968, 19, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.5213'),
(2969, 18, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.6128'),
(2970, 20, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.5667'),
(2971, 21, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.4382'),
(2972, 22, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.7511'),
(2973, 23, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.3867'),
(2974, 25, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.6405'),
(2975, 24, '109G', 'New', 2019, '1.6305'),
(2976, 1, '027D', 'New', 2019, '1.4571'),
(2977, 2, '027D', 'New', 2019, '1.4403'),
(2978, 3, '027D', 'New', 2019, '1.3083'),
(2979, 5, '027D', 'New', 2019, '0.8400'),
(2980, 4, '027D', 'New', 2019, '1.0605'),
(2981, 6, '027D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2982, 7, '027D', 'New', 2019, '1.4890'),
(2983, 8, '027D', 'New', 2019, '1.3758'),
(2984, 9, '027D', 'New', 2019, '1.3480'),
(2985, 10, '027D', 'New', 2019, '1.5284'),
(2986, 14, '027D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2987, 11, '027D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2988, 13, '027D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2989, 12, '027D', 'New', 2019, '0.5833'),
(2990, 17, '027D', 'New', 2019, '1.0070'),
(2991, 15, '027D', 'New', 2019, '0.8362'),
(2992, 16, '027D', 'New', 2019, '0.9140'),
(2993, 19, '027D', 'New', 2019, '1.2062'),
(2994, 18, '027D', 'New', 2019, '1.4738'),
(2995, 20, '027D', 'New', 2019, '0.5078'),
(2996, 21, '027D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2997, 22, '027D', 'New', 2019, '1.4235'),
(2998, 23, '027D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(2999, 25, '027D', 'New', 2019, '1.3655'),
(3000, 24, '027D', 'New', 2019, '0.8608'),
(3001, 1, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.6129'),
(3002, 2, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.5988'),
(3003, 3, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.5294'),
(3004, 5, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.1594'),
(3005, 4, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.5460'),
(3006, 6, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.1797'),
(3007, 7, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.6175'),
(3008, 8, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.4848'),
(3009, 9, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.4339'),
(3010, 10, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.5954'),
(3011, 14, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.8738'),
(3012, 11, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.5319'),
(3013, 13, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.6161'),
(3014, 12, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.3282'),
(3015, 17, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.1925'),
(3016, 15, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.3806'),
(3017, 16, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.3511'),
(3018, 19, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.1942'),
(3019, 18, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.5600'),
(3020, 20, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.2823'),
(3021, 21, '059A', 'New', 2019, '0.9644'),
(3022, 22, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.5578'),
(3023, 23, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.1482'),
(3024, 25, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.4687'),
(3025, 24, '059A', 'New', 2019, '1.5028'),
(3026, 1, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3598'),
(3027, 2, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.1952'),
(3028, 3, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.4050'),
(3029, 5, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.1188'),
(3030, 4, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.1850'),
(3031, 6, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.9379'),
(3032, 7, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3170'),
(3033, 8, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.1270'),
(3034, 9, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.2165'),
(3035, 10, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.1407'),
(3036, 14, '104F', 'New', 2019, '0.3686'),
(3037, 11, '104F', 'New', 2019, '0.6714'),
(3038, 13, '104F', 'New', 2019, '0.3230'),
(3039, 12, '104F', 'New', 2019, '0.4369'),
(3040, 17, '104F', 'New', 2019, '0.8955'),
(3041, 15, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3495'),
(3042, 16, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.1146'),
(3043, 19, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.2950'),
(3044, 18, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.1701'),
(3045, 20, '104F', 'New', 2019, '0.9933'),
(3046, 21, '104F', 'New', 2019, '0.8844'),
(3047, 22, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3911'),
(3048, 23, '104F', 'New', 2019, '0.7091'),
(3049, 25, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3003'),
(3050, 24, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.2101'),
(3051, 1, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.5552'),
(3052, 2, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.5978'),
(3053, 3, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.5210'),
(3054, 5, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.2982'),
(3055, 4, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.5856'),
(3056, 6, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.2630'),
(3057, 7, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.5900'),
(3058, 8, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.4841'),
(3059, 9, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.5525'),
(3060, 10, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.5931'),
(3061, 14, '060B', 'New', 2019, '0.8348'),
(3062, 11, '060B', 'New', 2019, '0.4708'),
(3063, 13, '060B', 'New', 2019, '0.4693'),
(3064, 12, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.1990'),
(3065, 17, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.1572'),
(3066, 15, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.4291'),
(3067, 16, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.4424'),
(3068, 19, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.2704'),
(3069, 18, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.5860'),
(3070, 20, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.0964'),
(3071, 21, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.1275'),
(3072, 22, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.4382'),
(3073, 23, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.1476'),
(3074, 25, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.5006'),
(3075, 24, '060B', 'New', 2019, '1.5108'),
(3076, 1, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.6770'),
(3077, 2, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.5951'),
(3078, 3, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.6194'),
(3079, 5, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.6792'),
(3080, 4, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.7397'),
(3081, 6, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.5543'),
(3082, 7, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.6042'),
(3083, 8, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.6283'),
(3084, 9, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.5872'),
(3085, 10, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.6285'),
(3086, 14, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.4997'),
(3087, 11, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.3989'),
(3088, 13, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.1689'),
(3089, 12, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.3742'),
(3090, 17, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.7252'),
(3091, 15, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.4862'),
(3092, 16, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.6336'),
(3093, 19, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.7163'),
(3094, 18, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.7063'),
(3095, 20, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.4531'),
(3096, 21, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.3567'),
(3097, 22, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.4734'),
(3098, 23, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.3404'),
(3099, 25, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.6287'),
(3100, 24, '-1', 'New', 2019, '1.5198'),
(3101, 1, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.7794'),
(3102, 2, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.8757'),
(3103, 3, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.9219'),
(3104, 5, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.9329'),
(3105, 4, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.8838'),
(3106, 6, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.9871'),
(3107, 7, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.9130'),
(3108, 8, '111B', 'New', 2019, '2.0300'),
(3109, 9, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.8369'),
(3110, 10, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.8373'),
(3111, 14, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.8158'),
(3112, 11, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.8582'),
(3113, 13, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.7123'),
(3114, 12, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.6332'),
(3115, 17, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.9605'),
(3116, 15, '111B', 'New', 2019, '2.0083'),
(3117, 16, '111B', 'New', 2019, '2.0084'),
(3118, 19, '111B', 'New', 2019, '2.0309'),
(3119, 18, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.9404'),
(3120, 20, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.9420'),
(3121, 21, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.8633'),
(3122, 22, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.9649'),
(3123, 23, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.9204'),
(3124, 25, '111B', 'New', 2019, '1.9510'),
(3125, 24, '111B', 'New', 2019, '2.0431'),
(3126, 1, '038K', 'New', 2019, '0.8963'),
(3127, 2, '038K', 'New', 2019, '0.9195'),
(3128, 3, '038K', 'New', 2019, '0.9801'),
(3129, 5, '038K', 'New', 2019, '0.8801'),
(3130, 4, '038K', 'New', 2019, '0.8511'),
(3131, 6, '038K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3132, 7, '038K', 'New', 2019, '0.8886'),
(3133, 8, '038K', 'New', 2019, '0.9719'),
(3134, 9, '038K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3135, 10, '038K', 'New', 2019, '0.9683'),
(3136, 14, '038K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3137, 11, '038K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3138, 13, '038K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3139, 12, '038K', 'New', 2019, '0.9077'),
(3140, 17, '038K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3141, 15, '038K', 'New', 2019, '0.8566'),
(3142, 16, '038K', 'New', 2019, '0.9348'),
(3143, 19, '038K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3144, 18, '038K', 'New', 2019, '0.9880'),
(3145, 20, '038K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3146, 21, '038K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3147, 22, '038K', 'New', 2019, '1.2324'),
(3148, 23, '038K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3149, 25, '038K', 'New', 2019, '0.9059'),
(3150, 24, '038K', 'New', 2019, '0.9236'),
(3151, 1, '038R', 'New', 2019, '0.4347'),
(3152, 2, '038R', 'New', 2019, '0.5558'),
(3153, 3, '038R', 'New', 2019, '0.6862'),
(3154, 5, '038R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3155, 4, '038R', 'New', 2019, '0.8304'),
(3156, 6, '038R', 'New', 2019, '0.3037'),
(3157, 7, '038R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3158, 8, '038R', 'New', 2019, '0.8445'),
(3159, 9, '038R', 'New', 2019, '0.3942'),
(3160, 10, '038R', 'New', 2019, '0.8726'),
(3161, 14, '038R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3162, 11, '038R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3163, 13, '038R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3164, 12, '038R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3165, 17, '038R', 'New', 2019, '0.7805'),
(3166, 15, '038R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3167, 16, '038R', 'New', 2019, '0.5831'),
(3168, 19, '038R', 'New', 2019, '0.0022'),
(3169, 18, '038R', 'New', 2019, '0.6300'),
(3170, 20, '038R', 'New', 2019, '-0.0711'),
(3171, 21, '038R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3172, 22, '038R', 'New', 2019, '0.1510'),
(3173, 23, '038R', 'New', 2019, '0.8222'),
(3174, 25, '038R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3175, 24, '038R', 'New', 2019, '0.4503'),
(3176, 1, '096T', 'New', 2019, '1.4543'),
(3177, 2, '096T', 'New', 2019, '1.2886'),
(3178, 3, '096T', 'New', 2019, '1.0984'),
(3179, 5, '096T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3180, 4, '096T', 'New', 2019, '1.2289'),
(3181, 6, '096T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3182, 7, '096T', 'New', 2019, '1.2245'),
(3183, 8, '096T', 'New', 2019, '1.1492'),
(3184, 9, '096T', 'New', 2019, '1.1210'),
(3185, 10, '096T', 'New', 2019, '1.3675'),
(3186, 14, '096T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3187, 11, '096T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3188, 13, '096T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3189, 12, '096T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3190, 17, '096T', 'New', 2019, '1.0674'),
(3191, 15, '096T', 'New', 2019, '0.9330'),
(3192, 16, '096T', 'New', 2019, '0.7401'),
(3193, 19, '096T', 'New', 2019, '0.9079'),
(3194, 18, '096T', 'New', 2019, '0.9713'),
(3195, 20, '096T', 'New', 2019, '0.6547'),
(3196, 21, '096T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3197, 22, '096T', 'New', 2019, '0.9707'),
(3198, 23, '096T', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3199, 25, '096T', 'New', 2019, '0.7854'),
(3200, 24, '096T', 'New', 2019, '1.2583'),
(3201, 1, '099D', 'New', 2019, '1.7240'),
(3202, 2, '099D', 'New', 2019, '1.7262'),
(3203, 3, '099D', 'New', 2019, '1.7650'),
(3204, 5, '099D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3205, 4, '099D', 'New', 2019, '2.0848'),
(3206, 6, '099D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3207, 7, '099D', 'New', 2019, '1.7410'),
(3208, 8, '099D', 'New', 2019, '1.7283'),
(3209, 9, '099D', 'New', 2019, '1.7324'),
(3210, 10, '099D', 'New', 2019, '1.7278'),
(3211, 14, '099D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3212, 11, '099D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3213, 13, '099D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3214, 12, '099D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3215, 17, '099D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3216, 15, '099D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3217, 16, '099D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3218, 19, '099D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3219, 18, '099D', 'New', 2019, '1.7431'),
(3220, 20, '099D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3221, 21, '099D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3222, 22, '099D', 'New', 2019, '1.7762'),
(3223, 23, '099D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3224, 25, '099D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3225, 24, '099D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3226, 1, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.5804'),
(3227, 2, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.5711'),
(3228, 3, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.6335'),
(3229, 5, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.6323'),
(3230, 4, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.5306'),
(3231, 6, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.0910'),
(3232, 7, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.5819'),
(3233, 8, '099L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3234, 9, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.6760'),
(3235, 10, '099L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3236, 14, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.2990'),
(3237, 11, '099L', 'New', 2019, '0.9110'),
(3238, 13, '099L', 'New', 2019, '0.8721'),
(3239, 12, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.1348'),
(3240, 17, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.2068'),
(3241, 15, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.7147'),
(3242, 16, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.6465'),
(3243, 19, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.3587'),
(3244, 18, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.5776'),
(3245, 20, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.3420'),
(3246, 21, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.3818'),
(3247, 22, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.5638'),
(3248, 23, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.1567'),
(3249, 25, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.5074'),
(3250, 24, '099L', 'New', 2019, '1.4660'),
(3251, 1, '032N', 'New', 2019, '1.3965'),
(3252, 2, '032N', 'New', 2019, '1.4032'),
(3253, 3, '032N', 'New', 2019, '1.4147'),
(3254, 5, '032N', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3255, 4, '032N', 'New', 2019, '1.4555'),
(3256, 6, '032N', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3257, 7, '032N', 'New', 2019, '1.4241'),
(3258, 8, '032N', 'New', 2019, '1.5138'),
(3259, 9, '032N', 'New', 2019, '1.5015'),
(3260, 10, '032N', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3261, 14, '032N', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3262, 11, '032N', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3263, 13, '032N', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3264, 12, '032N', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3265, 17, '032N', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3266, 15, '032N', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3267, 16, '032N', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3268, 19, '032N', 'New', 2019, '1.6077'),
(3269, 18, '032N', 'New', 2019, '1.3809'),
(3270, 20, '032N', 'New', 2019, '1.4390'),
(3271, 21, '032N', 'New', 2019, '1.0000'),
(3272, 22, '032N', 'New', 2019, '1.4222'),
(3273, 23, '032N', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3274, 25, '032N', 'New', 2019, '1.3760'),
(3275, 24, '032N', 'New', 2019, '1.4549'),
(3276, 1, '032P', 'New', 2019, '1.3201'),
(3277, 2, '032P', 'New', 2019, '1.2784'),
(3278, 3, '032P', 'New', 2019, '1.2980'),
(3279, 5, '032P', 'New', 2019, '1.3153'),
(3280, 4, '032P', 'New', 2019, '1.2899'),
(3281, 6, '032P', 'New', 2019, '0.9751'),
(3282, 7, '032P', 'New', 2019, '1.4197'),
(3283, 8, '032P', 'New', 2019, '1.3606'),
(3284, 9, '032P', 'New', 2019, '1.2985'),
(3285, 10, '032P', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3286, 14, '032P', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3287, 11, '032P', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3288, 13, '032P', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3289, 12, '032P', 'New', 2019, '0.1013'),
(3290, 17, '032P', 'New', 2019, '0.2413'),
(3291, 15, '032P', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3292, 16, '032P', 'New', 2019, '0.8960'),
(3293, 19, '032P', 'New', 2019, '1.0265'),
(3294, 18, '032P', 'New', 2019, '1.3048'),
(3295, 20, '032P', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3296, 21, '032P', 'New', 2019, '0.9926'),
(3297, 22, '032P', 'New', 2019, '1.3420'),
(3298, 23, '032P', 'New', 2019, '1.3318'),
(3299, 25, '032P', 'New', 2019, '1.3447'),
(3300, 24, '032P', 'New', 2019, '1.3637'),
(3301, 1, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.3174'),
(3302, 2, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.1676'),
(3303, 3, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.3829'),
(3304, 5, '033N', 'New', 2019, '0.9637'),
(3305, 4, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.1539'),
(3306, 6, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.1540'),
(3307, 7, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.3348'),
(3308, 8, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.1463'),
(3309, 9, '033N', 'New', 2019, '0.9972'),
(3310, 10, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.3040'),
(3311, 14, '033N', 'New', 2019, '0.8010'),
(3312, 11, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.1438'),
(3313, 13, '033N', 'New', 2019, '0.3523'),
(3314, 12, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.2628'),
(3315, 17, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.1870'),
(3316, 15, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.3749'),
(3317, 16, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.3905'),
(3318, 19, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.3776'),
(3319, 18, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.3802'),
(3320, 20, '033N', 'New', 2019, '0.9948'),
(3321, 21, '033N', 'New', 2019, '0.9629'),
(3322, 22, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.3862'),
(3323, 23, '033N', 'New', 2019, '0.7837'),
(3324, 25, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.3685'),
(3325, 24, '033N', 'New', 2019, '1.3163'),
(3326, 1, '036E', 'New', 2019, '0.9421'),
(3327, 2, '036E', 'New', 2019, '0.5394'),
(3328, 3, '036E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3329, 5, '036E', 'New', 2019, '0.7820'),
(3330, 4, '036E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3331, 6, '036E', 'New', 2019, '0.6998'),
(3332, 7, '036E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3333, 8, '036E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3334, 9, '036E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3335, 10, '036E', 'New', 2019, '1.1139'),
(3336, 14, '036E', 'New', 2019, '1.0791'),
(3337, 11, '036E', 'New', 2019, '1.1372'),
(3338, 13, '036E', 'New', 2019, '0.8698'),
(3339, 12, '036E', 'New', 2019, '1.6359'),
(3340, 17, '036E', 'New', 2019, '1.1834'),
(3341, 15, '036E', 'New', 2019, '1.1443'),
(3342, 16, '036E', 'New', 2019, '1.0888'),
(3343, 19, '036E', 'New', 2019, '0.7534'),
(3344, 18, '036E', 'New', 2019, '0.9706'),
(3345, 20, '036E', 'New', 2019, '0.2535'),
(3346, 21, '036E', 'New', 2019, '0.7550'),
(3347, 22, '036E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3348, 23, '036E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3349, 25, '036E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3350, 24, '036E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3351, 1, '036W', 'New', 2019, '0.9138'),
(3352, 2, '036W', 'New', 2019, '0.8769'),
(3353, 3, '036W', 'New', 2019, '0.9430'),
(3354, 5, '036W', 'New', 2019, '0.9025'),
(3355, 4, '036W', 'New', 2019, '0.9889'),
(3356, 6, '036W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3357, 7, '036W', 'New', 2019, '1.0144'),
(3358, 8, '036W', 'New', 2019, '1.0029'),
(3359, 9, '036W', 'New', 2019, '0.9093'),
(3360, 10, '036W', 'New', 2019, '1.1478'),
(3361, 14, '036W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3362, 11, '036W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3363, 13, '036W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3364, 12, '036W', 'New', 2019, '0.9707'),
(3365, 17, '036W', 'New', 2019, '1.1183'),
(3366, 15, '036W', 'New', 2019, '1.1578'),
(3367, 16, '036W', 'New', 2019, '1.0825'),
(3368, 19, '036W', 'New', 2019, '0.9718'),
(3369, 18, '036W', 'New', 2019, '0.9717'),
(3370, 20, '036W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3371, 21, '036W', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3372, 22, '036W', 'New', 2019, '0.8829'),
(3373, 23, '036W', 'New', 2019, '1.0192'),
(3374, 25, '036W', 'New', 2019, '1.1233'),
(3375, 24, '036W', 'New', 2019, '0.9383'),
(3376, 1, '050K', 'New', 2019, '1.1130'),
(3377, 2, '050K', 'New', 2019, '0.9651'),
(3378, 3, '050K', 'New', 2019, '1.1287'),
(3379, 5, '050K', 'New', 2019, '0.8532'),
(3380, 4, '050K', 'New', 2019, '1.0217'),
(3381, 6, '050K', 'New', 2019, '0.9776'),
(3382, 7, '050K', 'New', 2019, '1.0767'),
(3383, 8, '050K', 'New', 2019, '1.0815'),
(3384, 9, '050K', 'New', 2019, '1.1024'),
(3385, 10, '050K', 'New', 2019, '0.9264'),
(3386, 14, '050K', 'New', 2019, '0.3011'),
(3387, 11, '050K', 'New', 2019, '0.2790'),
(3388, 13, '050K', 'New', 2019, '0.0728'),
(3389, 12, '050K', 'New', 2019, '0.7411'),
(3390, 17, '050K', 'New', 2019, '0.8819'),
(3391, 15, '050K', 'New', 2019, '1.0636'),
(3392, 16, '050K', 'New', 2019, '1.0973'),
(3393, 19, '050K', 'New', 2019, '1.0010'),
(3394, 18, '050K', 'New', 2019, '1.1235'),
(3395, 20, '050K', 'New', 2019, '0.9092'),
(3396, 21, '050K', 'New', 2019, '0.8567'),
(3397, 22, '050K', 'New', 2019, '1.1211'),
(3398, 23, '050K', 'New', 2019, '0.9971'),
(3399, 25, '050K', 'New', 2019, '1.1305'),
(3400, 24, '050K', 'New', 2019, '1.1101'),
(3401, 1, '037A', 'New', 2019, '1.2649'),
(3402, 2, '037A', 'New', 2019, '1.2650'),
(3403, 3, '037A', 'New', 2019, '1.2974'),
(3404, 5, '037A', 'New', 2019, '1.3364'),
(3405, 4, '037A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3406, 6, '037A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3407, 7, '037A', 'New', 2019, '1.2992'),
(3408, 8, '037A', 'New', 2019, '1.2640'),
(3409, 9, '037A', 'New', 2019, '1.2910'),
(3410, 10, '037A', 'New', 2019, '1.4378'),
(3411, 14, '037A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3412, 11, '037A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3413, 13, '037A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3414, 12, '037A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3415, 17, '037A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3416, 15, '037A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3417, 16, '037A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3418, 19, '037A', 'New', 2019, '1.3639'),
(3419, 18, '037A', 'New', 2019, '1.2898'),
(3420, 20, '037A', 'New', 2019, '1.2776'),
(3421, 21, '037A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3422, 22, '037A', 'New', 2019, '1.3487'),
(3423, 23, '037A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3424, 25, '037A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3425, 24, '037A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3426, 1, '037B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3427, 2, '037B', 'New', 2019, '1.2544'),
(3428, 3, '037B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3429, 5, '037B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3430, 4, '037B', 'New', 2019, '1.3599'),
(3431, 6, '037B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3432, 7, '037B', 'New', 2019, '1.2496'),
(3433, 8, '037B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3434, 9, '037B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3435, 10, '037B', 'New', 2019, '1.2841'),
(3436, 14, '037B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3437, 11, '037B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3438, 13, '037B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3439, 12, '037B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3440, 17, '037B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3441, 15, '037B', 'New', 2019, '1.2578'),
(3442, 16, '037B', 'New', 2019, '1.0000'),
(3443, 19, '037B', 'New', 2019, '1.2444'),
(3444, 18, '037B', 'New', 2019, '1.2501'),
(3445, 20, '037B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3446, 21, '037B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3447, 22, '037B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3448, 23, '037B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3449, 25, '037B', 'New', 2019, '1.2522'),
(3450, 24, '037B', 'New', 2019, '1.2994'),
(3451, 1, '037C', 'New', 2019, '1.2120'),
(3452, 2, '037C', 'New', 2019, '1.2003'),
(3453, 3, '037C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3454, 5, '037C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3455, 4, '037C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3456, 6, '037C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3457, 7, '037C', 'New', 2019, '1.1928'),
(3458, 8, '037C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3459, 9, '037C', 'New', 2019, '1.2352'),
(3460, 10, '037C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3461, 14, '037C', 'New', 2019, '1.2431'),
(3462, 11, '037C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3463, 13, '037C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3464, 12, '037C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3465, 17, '037C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3466, 15, '037C', 'New', 2019, '1.2583'),
(3467, 16, '037C', 'New', 2019, '1.1904'),
(3468, 19, '037C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3469, 18, '037C', 'New', 2019, '1.1997'),
(3470, 20, '037C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3471, 21, '037C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3472, 22, '037C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3473, 23, '037C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3474, 25, '037C', 'New', 2019, '1.2103'),
(3475, 24, '037C', 'New', 2019, '1.1930'),
(3476, 1, '037E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3477, 2, '037E', 'New', 2019, '0.9405'),
(3478, 3, '037E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3479, 5, '037E', 'New', 2019, '0.9229'),
(3480, 4, '037E', 'New', 2019, '0.9537'),
(3481, 6, '037E', 'New', 2019, '0.8735'),
(3482, 7, '037E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3483, 8, '037E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3484, 9, '037E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3485, 10, '037E', 'New', 2019, '1.0005'),
(3486, 14, '037E', 'New', 2019, '0.9332'),
(3487, 11, '037E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3488, 13, '037E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3489, 12, '037E', 'New', 2019, '0.8927'),
(3490, 17, '037E', 'New', 2019, '1.0489'),
(3491, 15, '037E', 'New', 2019, '0.9952'),
(3492, 16, '037E', 'New', 2019, '1.0019'),
(3493, 19, '037E', 'New', 2019, '1.0174'),
(3494, 18, '037E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3495, 20, '037E', 'New', 2019, '0.8504'),
(3496, 21, '037E', 'New', 2019, '1.0802'),
(3497, 22, '037E', 'New', 2019, '0.9385'),
(3498, 23, '037E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3499, 25, '037E', 'New', 2019, '1.1519'),
(3500, 24, '037E', 'New', 2019, '1.1451'),
(3501, 1, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.0113'),
(3502, 2, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.0410'),
(3503, 3, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.1472'),
(3504, 5, '037F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3505, 4, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.0229'),
(3506, 6, '037F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3507, 7, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.1553'),
(3508, 8, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.1341'),
(3509, 9, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.0667'),
(3510, 10, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.0130'),
(3511, 14, '037F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3512, 11, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.1276'),
(3513, 13, '037F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3514, 12, '037F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3515, 17, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.0986'),
(3516, 15, '037F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3517, 16, '037F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3518, 19, '037F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3519, 18, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.0220'),
(3520, 20, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.0975'),
(3521, 21, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.1338'),
(3522, 22, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.1769'),
(3523, 23, '037F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3524, 25, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.0455'),
(3525, 24, '037F', 'New', 2019, '1.0858'),
(3526, 1, '037H', 'New', 2019, '1.0435'),
(3527, 2, '037H', 'New', 2019, '0.8618'),
(3528, 3, '037H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3529, 5, '037H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3530, 4, '037H', 'New', 2019, '0.9747'),
(3531, 6, '037H', 'New', 2019, '0.6782'),
(3532, 7, '037H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3533, 8, '037H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3534, 9, '037H', 'New', 2019, '1.1664'),
(3535, 10, '037H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3536, 14, '037H', 'New', 2019, '0.5480'),
(3537, 11, '037H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3538, 13, '037H', 'New', 2019, '0.4903'),
(3539, 12, '037H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3540, 17, '037H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3541, 15, '037H', 'New', 2019, '1.1303'),
(3542, 16, '037H', 'New', 2019, '1.0679'),
(3543, 19, '037H', 'New', 2019, '0.7741'),
(3544, 18, '037H', 'New', 2019, '0.9733'),
(3545, 20, '037H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3546, 21, '037H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3547, 22, '037H', 'New', 2019, '0.9584'),
(3548, 23, '037H', 'New', 2019, '0.7844'),
(3549, 25, '037H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3550, 24, '037H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3551, 1, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3552, 2, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3553, 3, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3554, 5, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3555, 4, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3556, 6, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3557, 7, '051B', 'New', 2019, '1.7784'),
(3558, 8, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3559, 9, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3560, 10, '051B', 'New', 2019, '1.7630'),
(3561, 14, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3562, 11, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3563, 13, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3564, 12, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3565, 17, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3566, 15, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3567, 16, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3568, 19, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3569, 18, '051B', 'New', 2019, '1.7732'),
(3570, 20, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3571, 21, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3572, 22, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3573, 23, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3574, 25, '051B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3575, 24, '051B', 'New', 2019, '1.7606'),
(3576, 1, '051C', 'New', 2019, '1.7047'),
(3577, 2, '051C', 'New', 2019, '1.7030'),
(3578, 3, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3579, 5, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3580, 4, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3581, 6, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3582, 7, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3583, 8, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3584, 9, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3585, 10, '051C', 'New', 2019, '1.7208'),
(3586, 14, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3587, 11, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3588, 13, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3589, 12, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3590, 17, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3591, 15, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3592, 16, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3593, 19, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3594, 18, '051C', 'New', 2019, '1.7141'),
(3595, 20, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3596, 21, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3597, 22, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3598, 23, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3599, 25, '051C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3600, 24, '051C', 'New', 2019, '1.7045'),
(3601, 1, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.4667'),
(3602, 2, '051E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3603, 3, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.1672'),
(3604, 5, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.2603'),
(3605, 4, '051E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3606, 6, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.1258'),
(3607, 7, '051E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3608, 8, '051E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3609, 9, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.4312'),
(3610, 10, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.7011'),
(3611, 14, '051E', 'New', 2019, '0.9272'),
(3612, 11, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.0528'),
(3613, 13, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.1165'),
(3614, 12, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.4537'),
(3615, 17, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.4737'),
(3616, 15, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.5681'),
(3617, 16, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.4967'),
(3618, 19, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.3085'),
(3619, 18, '051E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3620, 20, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.4177'),
(3621, 21, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.2301'),
(3622, 22, '051E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3623, 23, '051E', 'New', 2019, '1.2281'),
(3624, 25, '051E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3625, 24, '051E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3626, 1, '051F', 'New', 2019, '1.5626'),
(3627, 2, '051F', 'New', 2019, '1.6937'),
(3628, 3, '051F', 'New', 2019, '1.6224'),
(3629, 5, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3630, 4, '051F', 'New', 2019, '1.6836'),
(3631, 6, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3632, 7, '051F', 'New', 2019, '1.6928'),
(3633, 8, '051F', 'New', 2019, '1.6479'),
(3634, 9, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3635, 10, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3636, 14, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3637, 11, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3638, 13, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3639, 12, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3640, 17, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3641, 15, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3642, 16, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3643, 19, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3644, 18, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3645, 20, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3646, 21, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3647, 22, '051F', 'New', 2019, '1.6657'),
(3648, 23, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3649, 25, '051F', 'New', 2019, '1.6980'),
(3650, 24, '051F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3651, 1, '052B', 'New', 2019, '1.9346'),
(3652, 2, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3653, 3, '052B', 'New', 2019, '1.9399'),
(3654, 5, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3655, 4, '052B', 'New', 2019, '1.8996'),
(3656, 6, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3657, 7, '052B', 'New', 2019, '1.8704'),
(3658, 8, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3659, 9, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3660, 10, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3661, 14, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3662, 11, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3663, 13, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3664, 12, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3665, 17, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3666, 15, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3667, 16, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3668, 19, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3669, 18, '052B', 'New', 2019, '1.9329'),
(3670, 20, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3671, 21, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3672, 22, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3673, 23, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3674, 25, '052B', 'New', 2019, '1.9451'),
(3675, 24, '052B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3676, 1, '052C', 'New', 2019, '1.8271'),
(3677, 2, '052C', 'New', 2019, '1.8618'),
(3678, 3, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3679, 5, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3680, 4, '052C', 'New', 2019, '1.8689'),
(3681, 6, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3682, 7, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3683, 8, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3684, 9, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3685, 10, '052C', 'New', 2019, '1.8219'),
(3686, 14, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000');
INSERT INTO `ZScoreTable` (`z_id`, `district_id`, `unicode`, `syllabus`, `year`, `z_score`) VALUES
(3687, 11, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3688, 13, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3689, 12, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3690, 17, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3691, 15, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3692, 16, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3693, 19, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3694, 18, '052C', 'New', 2019, '1.8172'),
(3695, 20, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3696, 21, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3697, 22, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3698, 23, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3699, 25, '052C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3700, 24, '052C', 'New', 2019, '1.8319'),
(3701, 1, '052E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3702, 2, '052E', 'New', 2019, '1.4571'),
(3703, 3, '052E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3704, 5, '052E', 'New', 2019, '1.6156'),
(3705, 4, '052E', 'New', 2019, '1.6314'),
(3706, 6, '052E', 'New', 2019, '1.4579'),
(3707, 7, '052E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3708, 8, '052E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3709, 9, '052E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3710, 10, '052E', 'New', 2019, '1.9207'),
(3711, 14, '052E', 'New', 2019, '0.8684'),
(3712, 11, '052E', 'New', 2019, '1.3895'),
(3713, 13, '052E', 'New', 2019, '0.5765'),
(3714, 12, '052E', 'New', 2019, '1.4642'),
(3715, 17, '052E', 'New', 2019, '1.4899'),
(3716, 15, '052E', 'New', 2019, '1.6301'),
(3717, 16, '052E', 'New', 2019, '1.5864'),
(3718, 19, '052E', 'New', 2019, '1.7682'),
(3719, 18, '052E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3720, 20, '052E', 'New', 2019, '1.5032'),
(3721, 21, '052E', 'New', 2019, '1.3385'),
(3722, 22, '052E', 'New', 2019, '1.6335'),
(3723, 23, '052E', 'New', 2019, '1.3730'),
(3724, 25, '052E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3725, 24, '052E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3726, 1, '052F', 'New', 2019, '1.7891'),
(3727, 2, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3728, 3, '052F', 'New', 2019, '1.7238'),
(3729, 5, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3730, 4, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3731, 6, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3732, 7, '052F', 'New', 2019, '1.8109'),
(3733, 8, '052F', 'New', 2019, '1.7912'),
(3734, 9, '052F', 'New', 2019, '1.7143'),
(3735, 10, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3736, 14, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3737, 11, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3738, 13, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3739, 12, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3740, 17, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3741, 15, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3742, 16, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3743, 19, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3744, 18, '052F', 'New', 2019, '1.8040'),
(3745, 20, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3746, 21, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3747, 22, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3748, 23, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3749, 25, '052F', 'New', 2019, '1.7848'),
(3750, 24, '052F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3751, 1, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.6748'),
(3752, 2, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.6920'),
(3753, 3, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.7033'),
(3754, 5, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.5841'),
(3755, 4, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.5025'),
(3756, 6, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.2589'),
(3757, 7, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.4868'),
(3758, 8, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.7286'),
(3759, 9, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.5614'),
(3760, 10, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.7337'),
(3761, 14, '053B', 'New', 2019, '0.7041'),
(3762, 11, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.3134'),
(3763, 13, '053B', 'New', 2019, '0.5572'),
(3764, 12, '053B', 'New', 2019, '0.9702'),
(3765, 17, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.3948'),
(3766, 15, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.5460'),
(3767, 16, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.5284'),
(3768, 19, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.6165'),
(3769, 18, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.6965'),
(3770, 20, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.4404'),
(3771, 21, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.3100'),
(3772, 22, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.5796'),
(3773, 23, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.0473'),
(3774, 25, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.3012'),
(3775, 24, '053B', 'New', 2019, '1.5272'),
(3776, 1, '054A', 'New', 2019, '1.8299'),
(3777, 2, '054A', 'New', 2019, '1.8848'),
(3778, 3, '054A', 'New', 2019, '1.9329'),
(3779, 5, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3780, 4, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3781, 6, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3782, 7, '054A', 'New', 2019, '1.9142'),
(3783, 8, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3784, 9, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3785, 10, '054A', 'New', 2019, '1.9032'),
(3786, 14, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3787, 11, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3788, 13, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3789, 12, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3790, 17, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3791, 15, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3792, 16, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3793, 19, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3794, 18, '054A', 'New', 2019, '1.8970'),
(3795, 20, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3796, 21, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3797, 22, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3798, 23, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3799, 25, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3800, 24, '054A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3801, 1, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.7577'),
(3802, 2, '054B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3803, 3, '054B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3804, 5, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.6628'),
(3805, 4, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.6791'),
(3806, 6, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.4277'),
(3807, 7, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.9406'),
(3808, 8, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.9291'),
(3809, 9, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.7308'),
(3810, 10, '054B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3811, 14, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.4880'),
(3812, 11, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.5117'),
(3813, 13, '054B', 'New', 2019, '0.8946'),
(3814, 12, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.3671'),
(3815, 17, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.5109'),
(3816, 15, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.6810'),
(3817, 16, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.6846'),
(3818, 19, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.7787'),
(3819, 18, '054B', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(3820, 20, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.5678'),
(3821, 21, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.4069'),
(3822, 22, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.6962'),
(3823, 23, '054B', 'New', 2019, '0.3642'),
(3824, 25, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.9071'),
(3825, 24, '054B', 'New', 2019, '1.8198'),
(3826, 1, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.3017'),
(3827, 2, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.2007'),
(3828, 3, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.1703'),
(3829, 5, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.0129'),
(3830, 4, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.2770'),
(3831, 6, '055D', 'New', 2019, '0.8845'),
(3832, 7, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.1369'),
(3833, 8, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.3222'),
(3834, 9, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.3316'),
(3835, 10, '055D', 'New', 2019, '0.9735'),
(3836, 14, '055D', 'New', 2019, '0.4817'),
(3837, 11, '055D', 'New', 2019, '0.4403'),
(3838, 13, '055D', 'New', 2019, '0.3664'),
(3839, 12, '055D', 'New', 2019, '0.8479'),
(3840, 17, '055D', 'New', 2019, '0.9030'),
(3841, 15, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.1238'),
(3842, 16, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.0667'),
(3843, 19, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.2630'),
(3844, 18, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.2117'),
(3845, 20, '055D', 'New', 2019, '0.9649'),
(3846, 21, '055D', 'New', 2019, '0.7441'),
(3847, 22, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.2541'),
(3848, 23, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.1432'),
(3849, 25, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.3064'),
(3850, 24, '055D', 'New', 2019, '1.2723'),
(3851, 1, '062F', 'New', 2019, '1.7115'),
(3852, 2, '062F', 'New', 2019, '1.1751'),
(3853, 3, '062F', 'New', 2019, '1.0911'),
(3854, 5, '062F', 'New', 2019, '0.7219'),
(3855, 4, '062F', 'New', 2019, '1.1627'),
(3856, 6, '062F', 'New', 2019, '0.7695'),
(3857, 7, '062F', 'New', 2019, '1.1508'),
(3858, 8, '062F', 'New', 2019, '1.1168'),
(3859, 9, '062F', 'New', 2019, '1.0193'),
(3860, 10, '062F', 'New', 2019, '0.8987'),
(3861, 14, '062F', 'New', 2019, '0.2895'),
(3862, 11, '062F', 'New', 2019, '0.2684'),
(3863, 13, '062F', 'New', 2019, '-0.1903'),
(3864, 12, '062F', 'New', 2019, '0.3477'),
(3865, 17, '062F', 'New', 2019, '0.7024'),
(3866, 15, '062F', 'New', 2019, '0.8402'),
(3867, 16, '062F', 'New', 2019, '1.0313'),
(3868, 19, '062F', 'New', 2019, '1.1848'),
(3869, 18, '062F', 'New', 2019, '1.1816'),
(3870, 20, '062F', 'New', 2019, '0.9279'),
(3871, 21, '062F', 'New', 2019, '0.5657'),
(3872, 22, '062F', 'New', 2019, '1.1733'),
(3873, 23, '062F', 'New', 2019, '0.6627'),
(3874, 25, '062F', 'New', 2019, '1.1777'),
(3875, 24, '062F', 'New', 2019, '1.3300'),
(3876, 1, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.1178'),
(3877, 2, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.1611'),
(3878, 3, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.1822'),
(3879, 5, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.1927'),
(3880, 4, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.1376'),
(3881, 6, '106F', 'New', 2019, '0.6707'),
(3882, 7, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.2426'),
(3883, 8, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.2369'),
(3884, 9, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.1651'),
(3885, 10, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.1466'),
(3886, 14, '106F', 'New', 2019, '0.1864'),
(3887, 11, '106F', 'New', 2019, '0.5496'),
(3888, 13, '106F', 'New', 2019, '0.3204'),
(3889, 12, '106F', 'New', 2019, '0.5474'),
(3890, 17, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.0695'),
(3891, 15, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.1931'),
(3892, 16, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.1450'),
(3893, 19, '106F', 'New', 2019, '0.8083'),
(3894, 18, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.2341'),
(3895, 20, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.1042'),
(3896, 21, '106F', 'New', 2019, '0.6446'),
(3897, 22, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.1933'),
(3898, 23, '106F', 'New', 2019, '0.7667'),
(3899, 25, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.1367'),
(3900, 24, '106F', 'New', 2019, '1.1803'),
(3901, 1, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.4588'),
(3902, 2, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.3239'),
(3903, 3, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.3306'),
(3904, 5, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.1723'),
(3905, 4, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.3972'),
(3906, 6, '086B', 'New', 2019, '0.9541'),
(3907, 7, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.3984'),
(3908, 8, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.3526'),
(3909, 9, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.3165'),
(3910, 10, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.4523'),
(3911, 14, '086B', 'New', 2019, '0.8711'),
(3912, 11, '086B', 'New', 2019, '0.2943'),
(3913, 13, '086B', 'New', 2019, '0.0818'),
(3914, 12, '086B', 'New', 2019, '0.6914'),
(3915, 17, '086B', 'New', 2019, '0.9563'),
(3916, 15, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.1513'),
(3917, 16, '086B', 'New', 2019, '0.8963'),
(3918, 19, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.3679'),
(3919, 18, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.4030'),
(3920, 20, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.3635'),
(3921, 21, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.0042'),
(3922, 22, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.1653'),
(3923, 23, '086B', 'New', 2019, '0.5991'),
(3924, 25, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.3758'),
(3925, 24, '086B', 'New', 2019, '1.3508'),
(3926, 1, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.2702'),
(3927, 2, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.2994'),
(3928, 3, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.3483'),
(3929, 5, '087M', 'New', 2019, '0.7767'),
(3930, 4, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.3100'),
(3931, 6, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.0917'),
(3932, 7, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.3550'),
(3933, 8, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.2784'),
(3934, 9, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.2326'),
(3935, 10, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.1008'),
(3936, 14, '087M', 'New', 2019, '0.6286'),
(3937, 11, '087M', 'New', 2019, '0.4474'),
(3938, 13, '087M', 'New', 2019, '0.1244'),
(3939, 12, '087M', 'New', 2019, '0.8745'),
(3940, 17, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.0480'),
(3941, 15, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.1990'),
(3942, 16, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.3466'),
(3943, 19, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.2323'),
(3944, 18, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.2165'),
(3945, 20, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.3708'),
(3946, 21, '087M', 'New', 2019, '0.9443'),
(3947, 22, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.2625'),
(3948, 23, '087M', 'New', 2019, '0.7443'),
(3949, 25, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.2839'),
(3950, 24, '087M', 'New', 2019, '1.2117'),
(3951, 1, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.3012'),
(3952, 2, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.2863'),
(3953, 3, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.3257'),
(3954, 5, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.1142'),
(3955, 4, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.2426'),
(3956, 6, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.0585'),
(3957, 7, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.3313'),
(3958, 8, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.3054'),
(3959, 9, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.2976'),
(3960, 10, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.1001'),
(3961, 14, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.1131'),
(3962, 11, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.2096'),
(3963, 13, '107L', 'New', 2019, '0.9753'),
(3964, 12, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.0711'),
(3965, 17, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.3136'),
(3966, 15, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.0579'),
(3967, 16, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.2026'),
(3968, 19, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.1654'),
(3969, 18, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.3103'),
(3970, 20, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.3276'),
(3971, 21, '107L', 'New', 2019, '0.9180'),
(3972, 22, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.3166'),
(3973, 23, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.3164'),
(3974, 25, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.3282'),
(3975, 24, '107L', 'New', 2019, '1.3151'),
(3976, 1, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.3780'),
(3977, 2, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.3771'),
(3978, 3, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.4161'),
(3979, 5, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.4135'),
(3980, 4, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.4118'),
(3981, 6, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.4969'),
(3982, 7, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.4908'),
(3983, 8, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.4550'),
(3984, 9, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.4549'),
(3985, 10, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.4258'),
(3986, 14, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.5100'),
(3987, 11, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.4060'),
(3988, 13, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.2747'),
(3989, 12, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.4236'),
(3990, 17, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.5490'),
(3991, 15, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.5091'),
(3992, 16, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.5432'),
(3993, 19, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.4636'),
(3994, 18, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.3851'),
(3995, 20, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.4430'),
(3996, 21, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.5195'),
(3997, 22, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.5026'),
(3998, 23, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.5090'),
(3999, 25, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.4742'),
(4000, 24, '079J', 'New', 2019, '1.3964'),
(4001, 1, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.1390'),
(4002, 2, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.1333'),
(4003, 3, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.1999'),
(4004, 5, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.2316'),
(4005, 4, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.2101'),
(4006, 6, '080L', 'New', 2019, '0.8332'),
(4007, 7, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.1124'),
(4008, 8, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.1125'),
(4009, 9, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.2396'),
(4010, 10, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.1889'),
(4011, 14, '080L', 'New', 2019, '0.7385'),
(4012, 11, '080L', 'New', 2019, '0.6921'),
(4013, 13, '080L', 'New', 2019, '0.5282'),
(4014, 12, '080L', 'New', 2019, '0.6856'),
(4015, 17, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.1289'),
(4016, 15, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.0499'),
(4017, 16, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.2042'),
(4018, 19, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.1496'),
(4019, 18, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.1736'),
(4020, 20, '080L', 'New', 2019, '0.9211'),
(4021, 21, '080L', 'New', 2019, '0.5164'),
(4022, 22, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.0882'),
(4023, 23, '080L', 'New', 2019, '0.7385'),
(4024, 25, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.2444'),
(4025, 24, '080L', 'New', 2019, '1.1423'),
(4026, 1, '081L', 'New', 2019, '-0.4142'),
(4027, 2, '081L', 'New', 2019, '0.3390'),
(4028, 3, '081L', 'New', 2019, '0.7362'),
(4029, 5, '081L', 'New', 2019, '1.0661'),
(4030, 4, '081L', 'New', 2019, '0.7663'),
(4031, 6, '081L', 'New', 2019, '0.2970'),
(4032, 7, '081L', 'New', 2019, '0.2174'),
(4033, 8, '081L', 'New', 2019, '0.4498'),
(4034, 9, '081L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4035, 10, '081L', 'New', 2019, '0.6718'),
(4036, 14, '081L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4037, 11, '081L', 'New', 2019, '0.6261'),
(4038, 13, '081L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4039, 12, '081L', 'New', 2019, '-0.3438'),
(4040, 17, '081L', 'New', 2019, '-0.0864'),
(4041, 15, '081L', 'New', 2019, '-0.0086'),
(4042, 16, '081L', 'New', 2019, '0.3157'),
(4043, 19, '081L', 'New', 2019, '-0.5466'),
(4044, 18, '081L', 'New', 2019, '0.2090'),
(4045, 20, '081L', 'New', 2019, '-0.0182'),
(4046, 21, '081L', 'New', 2019, '0.3881'),
(4047, 22, '081L', 'New', 2019, '0.4493'),
(4048, 23, '081L', 'New', 2019, '0.4655'),
(4049, 25, '081L', 'New', 2019, '0.4641'),
(4050, 24, '081L', 'New', 2019, '0.4522'),
(4051, 1, '082C', 'New', 2019, '0.9785'),
(4052, 2, '082C', 'New', 2019, '1.0845'),
(4053, 3, '082C', 'New', 2019, '0.9822'),
(4054, 5, '082C', 'New', 2019, '0.9987'),
(4055, 4, '082C', 'New', 2019, '1.0578'),
(4056, 6, '082C', 'New', 2019, '1.0317'),
(4057, 7, '082C', 'New', 2019, '0.9700'),
(4058, 8, '082C', 'New', 2019, '1.0968'),
(4059, 9, '082C', 'New', 2019, '1.1263'),
(4060, 10, '082C', 'New', 2019, '1.5076'),
(4061, 14, '082C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4062, 11, '082C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4063, 13, '082C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4064, 12, '082C', 'New', 2019, '1.0973'),
(4065, 17, '082C', 'New', 2019, '1.0120'),
(4066, 15, '082C', 'New', 2019, '1.0269'),
(4067, 16, '082C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4068, 19, '082C', 'New', 2019, '0.9556'),
(4069, 18, '082C', 'New', 2019, '1.0555'),
(4070, 20, '082C', 'New', 2019, '0.9600'),
(4071, 21, '082C', 'New', 2019, '1.0981'),
(4072, 22, '082C', 'New', 2019, '1.6170'),
(4073, 23, '082C', 'New', 2019, '1.2023'),
(4074, 25, '082C', 'New', 2019, '1.2287'),
(4075, 24, '082C', 'New', 2019, '0.9700'),
(4076, 1, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.8304'),
(4077, 2, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.6783'),
(4078, 3, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.7669'),
(4079, 5, '082L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4080, 4, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.7945'),
(4081, 6, '082L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4082, 7, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.9553'),
(4083, 8, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.5371'),
(4084, 9, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.1694'),
(4085, 10, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.7071'),
(4086, 14, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.7392'),
(4087, 11, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.7790'),
(4088, 13, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.1668'),
(4089, 12, '082L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4090, 17, '082L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4091, 15, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.9059'),
(4092, 16, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.5953'),
(4093, 19, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.6761'),
(4094, 18, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.5580'),
(4095, 20, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.3860'),
(4096, 21, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.9226'),
(4097, 22, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.1956'),
(4098, 23, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.7311'),
(4099, 25, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.6039'),
(4100, 24, '082L', 'New', 2019, '0.8907'),
(4101, 1, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.4281'),
(4102, 2, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.4984'),
(4103, 3, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.2957'),
(4104, 5, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.3065'),
(4105, 4, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.2561'),
(4106, 6, '083D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4107, 7, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.5726'),
(4108, 8, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.3516'),
(4109, 9, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.4178'),
(4110, 10, '083D', 'New', 2019, '0.7926'),
(4111, 14, '083D', 'New', 2019, '0.0788'),
(4112, 11, '083D', 'New', 2019, '-0.3512'),
(4113, 13, '083D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4114, 12, '083D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4115, 17, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.4300'),
(4116, 15, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.4075'),
(4117, 16, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.4529'),
(4118, 19, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.4132'),
(4119, 18, '083D', 'New', 2019, '0.3215'),
(4120, 20, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.4610'),
(4121, 21, '083D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4122, 22, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.3339'),
(4123, 23, '083D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4124, 25, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.3976'),
(4125, 24, '083D', 'New', 2019, '1.2542'),
(4126, 1, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.3674'),
(4127, 2, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.4216'),
(4128, 3, '092K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4129, 5, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.3808'),
(4130, 4, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.4354'),
(4131, 6, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.4187'),
(4132, 7, '092K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4133, 8, '092K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4134, 9, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.5331'),
(4135, 10, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.2460'),
(4136, 14, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.1025'),
(4137, 11, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.2703'),
(4138, 13, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.0619'),
(4139, 12, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.1585'),
(4140, 17, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.4515'),
(4141, 15, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.1018'),
(4142, 16, '092K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4143, 19, '092K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4144, 18, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.4316'),
(4145, 20, '092K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4146, 21, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.3868'),
(4147, 22, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.4114'),
(4148, 23, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.3930'),
(4149, 25, '092K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4150, 24, '092K', 'New', 2019, '1.4780'),
(4151, 1, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.4001'),
(4152, 2, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.4202'),
(4153, 3, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.4043'),
(4154, 5, '092L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4155, 4, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.4131'),
(4156, 6, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.4333'),
(4157, 7, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.4143'),
(4158, 8, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.4518'),
(4159, 9, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.4495'),
(4160, 10, '092L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4161, 14, '092L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4162, 11, '092L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4163, 13, '092L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4164, 12, '092L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4165, 17, '092L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4166, 15, '092L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4167, 16, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.4279'),
(4168, 19, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.4401'),
(4169, 18, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.4108'),
(4170, 20, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.3998'),
(4171, 21, '092L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4172, 22, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.4156'),
(4173, 23, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.4639'),
(4174, 25, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.3988'),
(4175, 24, '092L', 'New', 2019, '1.4065'),
(4176, 1, '093F', 'New', 2019, '1.1558'),
(4177, 2, '093F', 'New', 2019, '1.1097'),
(4178, 3, '093F', 'New', 2019, '1.1511'),
(4179, 5, '093F', 'New', 2019, '0.9184'),
(4180, 4, '093F', 'New', 2019, '1.1939'),
(4181, 6, '093F', 'New', 2019, '1.0655'),
(4182, 7, '093F', 'New', 2019, '1.1305'),
(4183, 8, '093F', 'New', 2019, '1.2100'),
(4184, 9, '093F', 'New', 2019, '1.1486'),
(4185, 10, '093F', 'New', 2019, '0.9444'),
(4186, 14, '093F', 'New', 2019, '0.5394'),
(4187, 11, '093F', 'New', 2019, '0.7943'),
(4188, 13, '093F', 'New', 2019, '0.0510'),
(4189, 12, '093F', 'New', 2019, '0.8448'),
(4190, 17, '093F', 'New', 2019, '0.6766'),
(4191, 15, '093F', 'New', 2019, '0.8718'),
(4192, 16, '093F', 'New', 2019, '1.1685'),
(4193, 19, '093F', 'New', 2019, '1.1023'),
(4194, 18, '093F', 'New', 2019, '1.1904'),
(4195, 20, '093F', 'New', 2019, '1.0827'),
(4196, 21, '093F', 'New', 2019, '0.8647'),
(4197, 22, '093F', 'New', 2019, '1.1038'),
(4198, 23, '093F', 'New', 2019, '0.6401'),
(4199, 25, '093F', 'New', 2019, '1.2101'),
(4200, 24, '093F', 'New', 2019, '1.1187'),
(4201, 1, '094F', 'New', 2019, '1.2223'),
(4202, 2, '094F', 'New', 2019, '1.1786'),
(4203, 3, '094F', 'New', 2019, '1.1470'),
(4204, 5, '094F', 'New', 2019, '0.8796'),
(4205, 4, '094F', 'New', 2019, '1.1160'),
(4206, 6, '094F', 'New', 2019, '1.0125'),
(4207, 7, '094F', 'New', 2019, '1.1245'),
(4208, 8, '094F', 'New', 2019, '1.2196'),
(4209, 9, '094F', 'New', 2019, '0.9869'),
(4210, 10, '094F', 'New', 2019, '0.8205'),
(4211, 14, '094F', 'New', 2019, '0.2627'),
(4212, 11, '094F', 'New', 2019, '1.1213'),
(4213, 13, '094F', 'New', 2019, '0.0010'),
(4214, 12, '094F', 'New', 2019, '0.4077'),
(4215, 17, '094F', 'New', 2019, '0.7553'),
(4216, 15, '094F', 'New', 2019, '1.0345'),
(4217, 16, '094F', 'New', 2019, '0.9255'),
(4218, 19, '094F', 'New', 2019, '0.9312'),
(4219, 18, '094F', 'New', 2019, '1.1469'),
(4220, 20, '094F', 'New', 2019, '0.7580'),
(4221, 21, '094F', 'New', 2019, '0.6943'),
(4222, 22, '094F', 'New', 2019, '1.0990'),
(4223, 23, '094F', 'New', 2019, '0.7228'),
(4224, 25, '094F', 'New', 2019, '1.2015'),
(4225, 24, '094F', 'New', 2019, '0.9433'),
(4226, 1, '095F', 'New', 2019, '1.2613'),
(4227, 2, '095F', 'New', 2019, '1.3237'),
(4228, 3, '095F', 'New', 2019, '1.2193'),
(4229, 5, '095F', 'New', 2019, '1.1319'),
(4230, 4, '095F', 'New', 2019, '1.3226'),
(4231, 6, '095F', 'New', 2019, '0.9952'),
(4232, 7, '095F', 'New', 2019, '1.2745'),
(4233, 8, '095F', 'New', 2019, '1.2428'),
(4234, 9, '095F', 'New', 2019, '1.1954'),
(4235, 10, '095F', 'New', 2019, '1.0848'),
(4236, 14, '095F', 'New', 2019, '0.5866'),
(4237, 11, '095F', 'New', 2019, '0.3950'),
(4238, 13, '095F', 'New', 2019, '0.4252'),
(4239, 12, '095F', 'New', 2019, '0.6302'),
(4240, 17, '095F', 'New', 2019, '0.8601'),
(4241, 15, '095F', 'New', 2019, '1.0810'),
(4242, 16, '095F', 'New', 2019, '0.9946'),
(4243, 19, '095F', 'New', 2019, '1.1310'),
(4244, 18, '095F', 'New', 2019, '1.1098'),
(4245, 20, '095F', 'New', 2019, '0.8867'),
(4246, 21, '095F', 'New', 2019, '0.5419'),
(4247, 22, '095F', 'New', 2019, '1.1556'),
(4248, 23, '095F', 'New', 2019, '0.9783'),
(4249, 25, '095F', 'New', 2019, '1.2819'),
(4250, 24, '095F', 'New', 2019, '1.2754'),
(4251, 1, '064U', 'New', 2019, '1.1538'),
(4252, 2, '064U', 'New', 2019, '1.0279'),
(4253, 3, '064U', 'New', 2019, '1.1602'),
(4254, 5, '064U', 'New', 2019, '0.7451'),
(4255, 4, '064U', 'New', 2019, '1.1583'),
(4256, 6, '064U', 'New', 2019, '0.9953'),
(4257, 7, '064U', 'New', 2019, '1.1761'),
(4258, 8, '064U', 'New', 2019, '1.1957'),
(4259, 9, '064U', 'New', 2019, '1.0702'),
(4260, 10, '064U', 'New', 2019, '1.1948'),
(4261, 14, '064U', 'New', 2019, '0.9831'),
(4262, 11, '064U', 'New', 2019, '0.5420'),
(4263, 13, '064U', 'New', 2019, '0.3141'),
(4264, 12, '064U', 'New', 2019, '0.6655'),
(4265, 17, '064U', 'New', 2019, '1.0113'),
(4266, 15, '064U', 'New', 2019, '0.9670'),
(4267, 16, '064U', 'New', 2019, '1.1220'),
(4268, 19, '064U', 'New', 2019, '0.9253'),
(4269, 18, '064U', 'New', 2019, '1.0627'),
(4270, 20, '064U', 'New', 2019, '0.8430'),
(4271, 21, '064U', 'New', 2019, '0.6906'),
(4272, 22, '064U', 'New', 2019, '1.1567'),
(4273, 23, '064U', 'New', 2019, '0.8068'),
(4274, 25, '064U', 'New', 2019, '1.0738'),
(4275, 24, '064U', 'New', 2019, '1.1123'),
(4276, 1, '065U', 'New', 2019, '1.0544'),
(4277, 2, '065U', 'New', 2019, '1.2848'),
(4278, 3, '065U', 'New', 2019, '1.3691'),
(4279, 5, '065U', 'New', 2019, '0.9881'),
(4280, 4, '065U', 'New', 2019, '1.3333'),
(4281, 6, '065U', 'New', 2019, '0.8247'),
(4282, 7, '065U', 'New', 2019, '0.7346'),
(4283, 8, '065U', 'New', 2019, '1.3403'),
(4284, 9, '065U', 'New', 2019, '0.9787'),
(4285, 10, '065U', 'New', 2019, '1.3121'),
(4286, 14, '065U', 'New', 2019, '0.7322'),
(4287, 11, '065U', 'New', 2019, '0.3748'),
(4288, 13, '065U', 'New', 2019, '0.0421'),
(4289, 12, '065U', 'New', 2019, '0.8943'),
(4290, 17, '065U', 'New', 2019, '1.0349'),
(4291, 15, '065U', 'New', 2019, '1.0466'),
(4292, 16, '065U', 'New', 2019, '0.8206'),
(4293, 19, '065U', 'New', 2019, '0.7953'),
(4294, 18, '065U', 'New', 2019, '1.0140'),
(4295, 20, '065U', 'New', 2019, '0.6707'),
(4296, 21, '065U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4297, 22, '065U', 'New', 2019, '1.3483'),
(4298, 23, '065U', 'New', 2019, '0.6579'),
(4299, 25, '065U', 'New', 2019, '0.7664'),
(4300, 24, '065U', 'New', 2019, '0.7473'),
(4301, 1, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.2795'),
(4302, 2, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.2620'),
(4303, 3, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.3263'),
(4304, 5, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.2452'),
(4305, 4, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.3287'),
(4306, 6, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.0701'),
(4307, 7, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.2839'),
(4308, 8, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.3054'),
(4309, 9, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.2692'),
(4310, 10, '066U', 'New', 2019, '0.9030'),
(4311, 14, '066U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4312, 11, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.0713'),
(4313, 13, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.0607'),
(4314, 12, '066U', 'New', 2019, '0.8108'),
(4315, 17, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.1791'),
(4316, 15, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.1201'),
(4317, 16, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.0140'),
(4318, 19, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.1500'),
(4319, 18, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.3241'),
(4320, 20, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.2996'),
(4321, 21, '066U', 'New', 2019, '0.9795'),
(4322, 22, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.3110'),
(4323, 23, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.1635'),
(4324, 25, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.2587'),
(4325, 24, '066U', 'New', 2019, '1.2975'),
(4326, 1, '067U', 'New', 2019, '1.0109'),
(4327, 2, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.9391'),
(4328, 3, '067U', 'New', 2019, '1.0234'),
(4329, 5, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.7330'),
(4330, 4, '067U', 'New', 2019, '1.0167'),
(4331, 6, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.7528'),
(4332, 7, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.9840'),
(4333, 8, '067U', 'New', 2019, '1.0131'),
(4334, 9, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.9652'),
(4335, 10, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.9727'),
(4336, 14, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.3062'),
(4337, 11, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.3094'),
(4338, 13, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.0701'),
(4339, 12, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.7209'),
(4340, 17, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.6654'),
(4341, 15, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.9751'),
(4342, 16, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.9363'),
(4343, 19, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.7808'),
(4344, 18, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.9778'),
(4345, 20, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.7217'),
(4346, 21, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.5363'),
(4347, 22, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.8913'),
(4348, 23, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.6478'),
(4349, 25, '067U', 'New', 2019, '1.0212'),
(4350, 24, '067U', 'New', 2019, '0.8673'),
(4351, 1, '073U', 'New', 2019, '1.0392'),
(4352, 2, '073U', 'New', 2019, '1.0696'),
(4353, 3, '073U', 'New', 2019, '1.0470'),
(4354, 5, '073U', 'New', 2019, '0.9186'),
(4355, 4, '073U', 'New', 2019, '1.0013'),
(4356, 6, '073U', 'New', 2019, '1.0010'),
(4357, 7, '073U', 'New', 2019, '1.0164'),
(4358, 8, '073U', 'New', 2019, '1.0631'),
(4359, 9, '073U', 'New', 2019, '0.9706'),
(4360, 10, '073U', 'New', 2019, '0.9349'),
(4361, 14, '073U', 'New', 2019, '0.2408'),
(4362, 11, '073U', 'New', 2019, '0.1292'),
(4363, 13, '073U', 'New', 2019, '-0.1770'),
(4364, 12, '073U', 'New', 2019, '0.4665'),
(4365, 17, '073U', 'New', 2019, '0.5120'),
(4366, 15, '073U', 'New', 2019, '0.8235'),
(4367, 16, '073U', 'New', 2019, '0.8365'),
(4368, 19, '073U', 'New', 2019, '0.7355'),
(4369, 18, '073U', 'New', 2019, '1.0314'),
(4370, 20, '073U', 'New', 2019, '0.7444'),
(4371, 21, '073U', 'New', 2019, '0.5929'),
(4372, 22, '073U', 'New', 2019, '0.9828'),
(4373, 23, '073U', 'New', 2019, '0.5819'),
(4374, 25, '073U', 'New', 2019, '1.0186'),
(4375, 24, '073U', 'New', 2019, '0.9177'),
(4376, 1, '074U', 'New', 2019, '1.0674'),
(4377, 2, '074U', 'New', 2019, '0.9886'),
(4378, 3, '074U', 'New', 2019, '1.0362'),
(4379, 5, '074U', 'New', 2019, '0.9687'),
(4380, 4, '074U', 'New', 2019, '0.9938'),
(4381, 6, '074U', 'New', 2019, '0.8579'),
(4382, 7, '074U', 'New', 2019, '1.0580'),
(4383, 8, '074U', 'New', 2019, '1.0493'),
(4384, 9, '074U', 'New', 2019, '1.0885'),
(4385, 10, '074U', 'New', 2019, '1.0682'),
(4386, 14, '074U', 'New', 2019, '0.7910'),
(4387, 11, '074U', 'New', 2019, '0.2227'),
(4388, 13, '074U', 'New', 2019, '0.4357'),
(4389, 12, '074U', 'New', 2019, '1.0098'),
(4390, 17, '074U', 'New', 2019, '1.0430'),
(4391, 15, '074U', 'New', 2019, '0.8435'),
(4392, 16, '074U', 'New', 2019, '0.8855'),
(4393, 19, '074U', 'New', 2019, '0.9053'),
(4394, 18, '074U', 'New', 2019, '1.0348'),
(4395, 20, '074U', 'New', 2019, '1.0152'),
(4396, 21, '074U', 'New', 2019, '0.9538'),
(4397, 22, '074U', 'New', 2019, '1.0574'),
(4398, 23, '074U', 'New', 2019, '0.9425'),
(4399, 25, '074U', 'New', 2019, '1.0087'),
(4400, 24, '074U', 'New', 2019, '1.0521'),
(4401, 1, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.2028'),
(4402, 2, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.0682'),
(4403, 3, '075U', 'New', 2019, '0.9890'),
(4404, 5, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.0379'),
(4405, 4, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.1709'),
(4406, 6, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.1240'),
(4407, 7, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.1389'),
(4408, 8, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.1986'),
(4409, 9, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.2059'),
(4410, 10, '075U', 'New', 2019, '0.9965'),
(4411, 14, '075U', 'New', 2019, '0.3622'),
(4412, 11, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.2378'),
(4413, 13, '075U', 'New', 2019, '0.9443'),
(4414, 12, '075U', 'New', 2019, '0.9411'),
(4415, 17, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.1808'),
(4416, 15, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.0921'),
(4417, 16, '075U', 'New', 2019, '0.9782'),
(4418, 19, '075U', 'New', 2019, '0.6492'),
(4419, 18, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.1190'),
(4420, 20, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.2208'),
(4421, 21, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.0707'),
(4422, 22, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.1793'),
(4423, 23, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.0247'),
(4424, 25, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.1363'),
(4425, 24, '075U', 'New', 2019, '1.1830'),
(4426, 1, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.1181'),
(4427, 2, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.1161'),
(4428, 3, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.1475'),
(4429, 5, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.1172'),
(4430, 4, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.1332'),
(4431, 6, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.0141'),
(4432, 7, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.1098'),
(4433, 8, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.0959'),
(4434, 9, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.0799'),
(4435, 10, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.1183'),
(4436, 14, '076U', 'New', 2019, '0.8090'),
(4437, 11, '076U', 'New', 2019, '0.7166'),
(4438, 13, '076U', 'New', 2019, '0.0458'),
(4439, 12, '076U', 'New', 2019, '0.6336'),
(4440, 17, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.1368'),
(4441, 15, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.1433'),
(4442, 16, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.0077'),
(4443, 19, '076U', 'New', 2019, '0.8015'),
(4444, 18, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.1222'),
(4445, 20, '076U', 'New', 2019, '0.9725'),
(4446, 21, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.0755'),
(4447, 22, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.1055'),
(4448, 23, '076U', 'New', 2019, '0.5773'),
(4449, 25, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.0044'),
(4450, 24, '076U', 'New', 2019, '1.1599'),
(4451, 1, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.9878'),
(4452, 2, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.9798'),
(4453, 3, '088U', 'New', 2019, '1.0296'),
(4454, 5, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.7288'),
(4455, 4, '088U', 'New', 2019, '1.0304'),
(4456, 6, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.8021'),
(4457, 7, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.9972'),
(4458, 8, '088U', 'New', 2019, '1.0187'),
(4459, 9, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.9510'),
(4460, 10, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.8998'),
(4461, 14, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.2403'),
(4462, 11, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.2310'),
(4463, 13, '088U', 'New', 2019, '-0.0499'),
(4464, 12, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.4077'),
(4465, 17, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.6125'),
(4466, 15, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.8067'),
(4467, 16, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.8618'),
(4468, 19, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.9214'),
(4469, 18, '088U', 'New', 2019, '1.0081'),
(4470, 20, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.6648'),
(4471, 21, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.6559'),
(4472, 22, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.9285'),
(4473, 23, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.6071'),
(4474, 25, '088U', 'New', 2019, '1.0110'),
(4475, 24, '088U', 'New', 2019, '0.8970'),
(4476, 1, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.9699'),
(4477, 2, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.9825'),
(4478, 3, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.9956'),
(4479, 5, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.6852'),
(4480, 4, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.9527'),
(4481, 6, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.6460'),
(4482, 7, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.9821'),
(4483, 8, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.9832'),
(4484, 9, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.9639'),
(4485, 10, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.9078'),
(4486, 14, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.5893'),
(4487, 11, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.2029'),
(4488, 13, '089U', 'New', 2019, '-0.0188'),
(4489, 12, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.3182'),
(4490, 17, '089U', 'New', 2019, '1.0260'),
(4491, 15, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.9949'),
(4492, 16, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.7976'),
(4493, 19, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.7039'),
(4494, 18, '089U', 'New', 2019, '1.0154'),
(4495, 20, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.9000'),
(4496, 21, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.4261'),
(4497, 22, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.9014'),
(4498, 23, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.5371'),
(4499, 25, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.9415'),
(4500, 24, '089U', 'New', 2019, '0.8649'),
(4501, 1, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.2746'),
(4502, 2, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.2764'),
(4503, 3, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.2587'),
(4504, 5, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.2186'),
(4505, 4, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.2539'),
(4506, 6, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.0340'),
(4507, 7, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.2870'),
(4508, 8, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.2668'),
(4509, 9, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.3240'),
(4510, 10, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.0303'),
(4511, 14, '090U', 'New', 2019, '0.4734'),
(4512, 11, '090U', 'New', 2019, '0.8757'),
(4513, 13, '090U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4514, 12, '090U', 'New', 2019, '-0.0329'),
(4515, 17, '090U', 'New', 2019, '0.9773'),
(4516, 15, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.0805'),
(4517, 16, '090U', 'New', 2019, '0.7189'),
(4518, 19, '090U', 'New', 2019, '0.7001'),
(4519, 18, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.2680'),
(4520, 20, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.1999'),
(4521, 21, '090U', 'New', 2019, '-0.1094'),
(4522, 22, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.6070'),
(4523, 23, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.3113'),
(4524, 25, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.2311'),
(4525, 24, '090U', 'New', 2019, '1.2925'),
(4526, 1, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.9380'),
(4527, 2, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.9160'),
(4528, 3, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.8656'),
(4529, 5, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.8989'),
(4530, 4, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.9414'),
(4531, 6, '102A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4532, 7, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.8916'),
(4533, 8, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.8942'),
(4534, 9, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.9564'),
(4535, 10, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.8955'),
(4536, 14, '102A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4537, 11, '102A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4538, 13, '102A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4539, 12, '102A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4540, 17, '102A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4541, 15, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.9015'),
(4542, 16, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.8673'),
(4543, 19, '102A', 'New', 2019, '2.0381'),
(4544, 18, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.8643'),
(4545, 20, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.8853'),
(4546, 21, '102A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4547, 22, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.9650'),
(4548, 23, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.8963'),
(4549, 25, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.9629'),
(4550, 24, '102A', 'New', 2019, '1.9642'),
(4551, 1, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.0720'),
(4552, 2, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.1033'),
(4553, 3, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.0949'),
(4554, 5, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.1169'),
(4555, 4, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.2437'),
(4556, 6, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.1146'),
(4557, 7, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.0850'),
(4558, 8, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.0975'),
(4559, 9, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.0848'),
(4560, 10, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.1804'),
(4561, 14, '102C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4562, 11, '102C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4563, 13, '102C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4564, 12, '102C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4565, 17, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.0885'),
(4566, 15, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.0586'),
(4567, 16, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.0855'),
(4568, 19, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.1725'),
(4569, 18, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.0690'),
(4570, 20, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.0982'),
(4571, 21, '102C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4572, 22, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.1939'),
(4573, 23, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.2774'),
(4574, 25, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.1225'),
(4575, 24, '102C', 'New', 2019, '2.0780'),
(4576, 1, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.7266'),
(4577, 2, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.7228'),
(4578, 3, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.7282'),
(4579, 5, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.7899'),
(4580, 4, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.7858'),
(4581, 6, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.7709'),
(4582, 7, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.8320'),
(4583, 8, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.7236'),
(4584, 9, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.7440'),
(4585, 10, '102D', 'New', 2019, '2.0784'),
(4586, 14, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.8172'),
(4587, 11, '102D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4588, 13, '102D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4589, 12, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.7405'),
(4590, 17, '102D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4591, 15, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.8293'),
(4592, 16, '102D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4593, 19, '102D', 'New', 2019, '2.3112'),
(4594, 18, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.7179'),
(4595, 20, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.7454'),
(4596, 21, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.8043'),
(4597, 22, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.7996'),
(4598, 23, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.7410'),
(4599, 25, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.7760'),
(4600, 24, '102D', 'New', 2019, '1.7572'),
(4601, 1, '102E', 'New', 2019, '1.1474'),
(4602, 2, '102E', 'New', 2019, '1.1757'),
(4603, 3, '102E', 'New', 2019, '1.1675'),
(4604, 5, '102E', 'New', 2019, '1.2834'),
(4605, 4, '102E', 'New', 2019, '1.0927'),
(4606, 6, '102E', 'New', 2019, '0.7511'),
(4607, 7, '102E', 'New', 2019, '0.9946'),
(4608, 8, '102E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4609, 9, '102E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4610, 10, '102E', 'New', 2019, '0.9132'),
(4611, 14, '102E', 'New', 2019, '1.2481'),
(4612, 11, '102E', 'New', 2019, '0.4512'),
(4613, 13, '102E', 'New', 2019, '1.1173'),
(4614, 12, '102E', 'New', 2019, '0.3291'),
(4615, 17, '102E', 'New', 2019, '0.9334'),
(4616, 15, '102E', 'New', 2019, '0.9566'),
(4617, 16, '102E', 'New', 2019, '0.9953'),
(4618, 19, '102E', 'New', 2019, '0.9963'),
(4619, 18, '102E', 'New', 2019, '1.1995'),
(4620, 20, '102E', 'New', 2019, '1.2720'),
(4621, 21, '102E', 'New', 2019, '0.9213'),
(4622, 22, '102E', 'New', 2019, '1.0479'),
(4623, 23, '102E', 'New', 2019, '1.0613'),
(4624, 25, '102E', 'New', 2019, '1.1509'),
(4625, 24, '102E', 'New', 2019, '1.0983'),
(4626, 1, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.3594'),
(4627, 2, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.3575'),
(4628, 3, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.3808'),
(4629, 5, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.5856'),
(4630, 4, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.3729'),
(4631, 6, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.3656'),
(4632, 7, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.3601'),
(4633, 8, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.4014'),
(4634, 9, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.4580'),
(4635, 10, '102F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4636, 14, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.4047'),
(4637, 11, '102F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4638, 13, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.5199'),
(4639, 12, '102F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4640, 17, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.4477'),
(4641, 15, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.6413'),
(4642, 16, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.3883'),
(4643, 19, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.6147'),
(4644, 18, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.3920'),
(4645, 20, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.4358'),
(4646, 21, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.5452'),
(4647, 22, '102F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4648, 23, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.3999'),
(4649, 25, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.3791'),
(4650, 24, '102F', 'New', 2019, '1.3623'),
(4651, 1, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.1353'),
(4652, 2, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.1323'),
(4653, 3, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.1810'),
(4654, 5, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.1760'),
(4655, 4, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.1394'),
(4656, 6, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.1459'),
(4657, 7, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.1521'),
(4658, 8, '102K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4659, 9, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.1363'),
(4660, 10, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.1853'),
(4661, 14, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.3519'),
(4662, 11, '102K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4663, 13, '102K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4664, 12, '102K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4665, 17, '102K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4666, 15, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.1523'),
(4667, 16, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.2714'),
(4668, 19, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.1617'),
(4669, 18, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.2432'),
(4670, 20, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.2310'),
(4671, 21, '102K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4672, 22, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.1571'),
(4673, 23, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.1515'),
(4674, 25, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.2367'),
(4675, 24, '102K', 'New', 2019, '1.1483'),
(4676, 1, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.1575'),
(4677, 2, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.1498'),
(4678, 3, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.1560'),
(4679, 5, '102L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4680, 4, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.1942'),
(4681, 6, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.1564'),
(4682, 7, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.1506'),
(4683, 8, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.4086'),
(4684, 9, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.1517'),
(4685, 10, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.3223'),
(4686, 14, '102L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4687, 11, '102L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4688, 13, '102L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4689, 12, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.2526'),
(4690, 17, '102L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4691, 15, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.1585'),
(4692, 16, '102L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4693, 19, '102L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4694, 18, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.2092'),
(4695, 20, '102L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4696, 21, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.5662'),
(4697, 22, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.2487'),
(4698, 23, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.2229'),
(4699, 25, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.1484'),
(4700, 24, '102L', 'New', 2019, '1.2424'),
(4701, 1, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.3344'),
(4702, 2, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.3330'),
(4703, 3, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.3548'),
(4704, 5, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.3868'),
(4705, 4, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.3526'),
(4706, 6, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.3722'),
(4707, 7, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.3511'),
(4708, 8, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.4192'),
(4709, 9, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.4627'),
(4710, 10, '102M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4711, 14, '102M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4712, 11, '102M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4713, 13, '102M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4714, 12, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.5814'),
(4715, 17, '102M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4716, 15, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.5341'),
(4717, 16, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.3430'),
(4718, 19, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.3278'),
(4719, 18, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.3429'),
(4720, 20, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.3479'),
(4721, 21, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.3624'),
(4722, 22, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.3616'),
(4723, 23, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.3515'),
(4724, 25, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.4004'),
(4725, 24, '102M', 'New', 2019, '1.3282'),
(4726, 1, '102U', 'New', 2019, '1.1115'),
(4727, 2, '102U', 'New', 2019, '1.1331'),
(4728, 3, '102U', 'New', 2019, '1.8827'),
(4729, 5, '102U', 'New', 2019, '1.1186'),
(4730, 4, '102U', 'New', 2019, '1.0936'),
(4731, 6, '102U', 'New', 2019, '0.8130'),
(4732, 7, '102U', 'New', 2019, '0.9818'),
(4733, 8, '102U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4734, 9, '102U', 'New', 2019, '1.0000'),
(4735, 10, '102U', 'New', 2019, '0.9512'),
(4736, 14, '102U', 'New', 2019, '1.0649'),
(4737, 11, '102U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4738, 13, '102U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4739, 12, '102U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4740, 17, '102U', 'New', 2019, '0.9145'),
(4741, 15, '102U', 'New', 2019, '0.9740'),
(4742, 16, '102U', 'New', 2019, '1.0615'),
(4743, 19, '102U', 'New', 2019, '0.9948'),
(4744, 18, '102U', 'New', 2019, '1.2011'),
(4745, 20, '102U', 'New', 2019, '1.3256'),
(4746, 21, '102U', 'New', 2019, '0.9329'),
(4747, 22, '102U', 'New', 2019, '1.0763'),
(4748, 23, '102U', 'New', 2019, '0.9559'),
(4749, 25, '102U', 'New', 2019, '1.2020'),
(4750, 24, '102U', 'New', 2019, '1.0512'),
(4751, 1, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7113'),
(4752, 2, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7376'),
(4753, 3, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.6961'),
(4754, 5, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7774'),
(4755, 4, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7054'),
(4756, 6, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7054'),
(4757, 7, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7090'),
(4758, 8, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7678'),
(4759, 9, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7074'),
(4760, 10, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7135'),
(4761, 14, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7980'),
(4762, 11, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.8082'),
(4763, 13, '103A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4764, 12, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7420'),
(4765, 17, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7979'),
(4766, 15, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.8564'),
(4767, 16, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7436'),
(4768, 19, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.9023'),
(4769, 18, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.6970'),
(4770, 20, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7211'),
(4771, 21, '103A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4772, 22, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7070'),
(4773, 23, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7021'),
(4774, 25, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.6987'),
(4775, 24, '103A', 'New', 2019, '1.7479'),
(4776, 1, '103C', 'New', 2019, '1.9091'),
(4777, 2, '103C', 'New', 2019, '1.9102'),
(4778, 3, '103C', 'New', 2019, '1.9654'),
(4779, 5, '103C', 'New', 2019, '1.9244'),
(4780, 4, '103C', 'New', 2019, '2.0050'),
(4781, 6, '103C', 'New', 2019, '1.9929'),
(4782, 7, '103C', 'New', 2019, '1.9129'),
(4783, 8, '103C', 'New', 2019, '2.1109'),
(4784, 9, '103C', 'New', 2019, '1.9099'),
(4785, 10, '103C', 'New', 2019, '2.0031'),
(4786, 14, '103C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4787, 11, '103C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4788, 13, '103C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4789, 12, '103C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4790, 17, '103C', 'New', 2019, '2.0233'),
(4791, 15, '103C', 'New', 2019, '2.0008'),
(4792, 16, '103C', 'New', 2019, '2.1486'),
(4793, 19, '103C', 'New', 2019, '1.9677'),
(4794, 18, '103C', 'New', 2019, '1.9665'),
(4795, 20, '103C', 'New', 2019, '1.9493'),
(4796, 21, '103C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4797, 22, '103C', 'New', 2019, '1.9237'),
(4798, 23, '103C', 'New', 2019, '2.0855'),
(4799, 25, '103C', 'New', 2019, '1.9125'),
(4800, 24, '103C', 'New', 2019, '1.9292'),
(4801, 1, '103E', 'New', 2019, '0.8732'),
(4802, 2, '103E', 'New', 2019, '0.8516'),
(4803, 3, '103E', 'New', 2019, '0.8684'),
(4804, 5, '103E', 'New', 2019, '1.1092'),
(4805, 4, '103E', 'New', 2019, '1.1028'),
(4806, 6, '103E', 'New', 2019, '0.8461'),
(4807, 7, '103E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4808, 8, '103E', 'New', 2019, '1.1269'),
(4809, 9, '103E', 'New', 2019, '1.1660'),
(4810, 10, '103E', 'New', 2019, '0.8937'),
(4811, 14, '103E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4812, 11, '103E', 'New', 2019, '0.9985'),
(4813, 13, '103E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4814, 12, '103E', 'New', 2019, '0.8953'),
(4815, 17, '103E', 'New', 2019, '1.0619'),
(4816, 15, '103E', 'New', 2019, '1.2006'),
(4817, 16, '103E', 'New', 2019, '0.9709'),
(4818, 19, '103E', 'New', 2019, '0.8721'),
(4819, 18, '103E', 'New', 2019, '1.0280'),
(4820, 20, '103E', 'New', 2019, '1.1100'),
(4821, 21, '103E', 'New', 2019, '0.8827'),
(4822, 22, '103E', 'New', 2019, '1.0008'),
(4823, 23, '103E', 'New', 2019, '1.0790'),
(4824, 25, '103E', 'New', 2019, '1.2131'),
(4825, 24, '103E', 'New', 2019, '1.0632'),
(4826, 1, '103F', 'New', 2019, '1.4797'),
(4827, 2, '103F', 'New', 2019, '1.5670'),
(4828, 3, '103F', 'New', 2019, '1.4755'),
(4829, 5, '103F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4830, 4, '103F', 'New', 2019, '1.6596'),
(4831, 6, '103F', 'New', 2019, '1.6639'),
(4832, 7, '103F', 'New', 2019, '1.5025'),
(4833, 8, '103F', 'New', 2019, '1.5339'),
(4834, 9, '103F', 'New', 2019, '1.5876'),
(4835, 10, '103F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4836, 14, '103F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4837, 11, '103F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4838, 13, '103F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4839, 12, '103F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4840, 17, '103F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4841, 15, '103F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4842, 16, '103F', 'New', 2019, '1.4781'),
(4843, 19, '103F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4844, 18, '103F', 'New', 2019, '1.5049'),
(4845, 20, '103F', 'New', 2019, '1.6742'),
(4846, 21, '103F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4847, 22, '103F', 'New', 2019, '1.5336'),
(4848, 23, '103F', 'New', 2019, '1.4819'),
(4849, 25, '103F', 'New', 2019, '1.5177'),
(4850, 24, '103F', 'New', 2019, '1.4945'),
(4851, 1, '103H', 'New', 2019, '0.7074'),
(4852, 2, '103H', 'New', 2019, '0.7511'),
(4853, 3, '103H', 'New', 2019, '0.8343'),
(4854, 5, '103H', 'New', 2019, '1.1719'),
(4855, 4, '103H', 'New', 2019, '1.1172'),
(4856, 6, '103H', 'New', 2019, '0.7344'),
(4857, 7, '103H', 'New', 2019, '1.1257'),
(4858, 8, '103H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4859, 9, '103H', 'New', 2019, '1.0714'),
(4860, 10, '103H', 'New', 2019, '0.7781'),
(4861, 14, '103H', 'New', 2019, '0.6073'),
(4862, 11, '103H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4863, 13, '103H', 'New', 2019, '0.6262'),
(4864, 12, '103H', 'New', 2019, '0.6481'),
(4865, 17, '103H', 'New', 2019, '1.0647'),
(4866, 15, '103H', 'New', 2019, '1.0899'),
(4867, 16, '103H', 'New', 2019, '0.9851'),
(4868, 19, '103H', 'New', 2019, '0.7893'),
(4869, 18, '103H', 'New', 2019, '1.1120'),
(4870, 20, '103H', 'New', 2019, '1.1609'),
(4871, 21, '103H', 'New', 2019, '0.8314'),
(4872, 22, '103H', 'New', 2019, '1.0522'),
(4873, 23, '103H', 'New', 2019, '1.0919'),
(4874, 25, '103H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4875, 24, '103H', 'New', 2019, '1.0351'),
(4876, 1, '103J', 'New', 2019, '0.8734'),
(4877, 2, '103J', 'New', 2019, '0.8575'),
(4878, 3, '103J', 'New', 2019, '0.8556'),
(4879, 5, '103J', 'New', 2019, '1.1959'),
(4880, 4, '103J', 'New', 2019, '1.0966'),
(4881, 6, '103J', 'New', 2019, '0.9248'),
(4882, 7, '103J', 'New', 2019, '1.0320'),
(4883, 8, '103J', 'New', 2019, '1.1090'),
(4884, 9, '103J', 'New', 2019, '1.0888'),
(4885, 10, '103J', 'New', 2019, '1.1274'),
(4886, 14, '103J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4887, 11, '103J', 'New', 2019, '1.0334'),
(4888, 13, '103J', 'New', 2019, '0.8803'),
(4889, 12, '103J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4890, 17, '103J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4891, 15, '103J', 'New', 2019, '1.0248'),
(4892, 16, '103J', 'New', 2019, '0.9808'),
(4893, 19, '103J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4894, 18, '103J', 'New', 2019, '1.1368'),
(4895, 20, '103J', 'New', 2019, '1.1869'),
(4896, 21, '103J', 'New', 2019, '1.0447'),
(4897, 22, '103J', 'New', 2019, '1.0096'),
(4898, 23, '103J', 'New', 2019, '1.0536'),
(4899, 25, '103J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4900, 24, '103J', 'New', 2019, '1.0076'),
(4901, 1, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2067'),
(4902, 2, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2062'),
(4903, 3, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.3058'),
(4904, 5, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2507'),
(4905, 4, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2245'),
(4906, 6, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2286'),
(4907, 7, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2637'),
(4908, 8, '103K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4909, 9, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2246');
INSERT INTO `ZScoreTable` (`z_id`, `district_id`, `unicode`, `syllabus`, `year`, `z_score`) VALUES
(4910, 10, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2848'),
(4911, 14, '103K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4912, 11, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2153'),
(4913, 13, '103K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4914, 12, '103K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4915, 17, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2730'),
(4916, 15, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2228'),
(4917, 16, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2121'),
(4918, 19, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2608'),
(4919, 18, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2074'),
(4920, 20, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2612'),
(4921, 21, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2314'),
(4922, 22, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2692'),
(4923, 23, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2478'),
(4924, 25, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2097'),
(4925, 24, '103K', 'New', 2019, '1.2550'),
(4926, 1, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.2840'),
(4927, 2, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.3125'),
(4928, 3, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.3062'),
(4929, 5, '103L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4930, 4, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.2760'),
(4931, 6, '103L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4932, 7, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.3563'),
(4933, 8, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.3247'),
(4934, 9, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.4390'),
(4935, 10, '103L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4936, 14, '103L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4937, 11, '103L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4938, 13, '103L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4939, 12, '103L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4940, 17, '103L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4941, 15, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.3689'),
(4942, 16, '103L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4943, 19, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.4127'),
(4944, 18, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.4091'),
(4945, 20, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.3113'),
(4946, 21, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.4799'),
(4947, 22, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.3006'),
(4948, 23, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.2952'),
(4949, 25, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.3286'),
(4950, 24, '103L', 'New', 2019, '1.2732'),
(4951, 1, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.5173'),
(4952, 2, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.4496'),
(4953, 3, '103M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4954, 5, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.4465'),
(4955, 4, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.4430'),
(4956, 6, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.4484'),
(4957, 7, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.4501'),
(4958, 8, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.5028'),
(4959, 9, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.4498'),
(4960, 10, '103M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4961, 14, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.6667'),
(4962, 11, '103M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4963, 13, '103M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4964, 12, '103M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4965, 17, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.5276'),
(4966, 15, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.5611'),
(4967, 16, '103M', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4968, 19, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.5488'),
(4969, 18, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.4418'),
(4970, 20, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.4374'),
(4971, 21, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.5335'),
(4972, 22, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.4418'),
(4973, 23, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.4497'),
(4974, 25, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.4692'),
(4975, 24, '103M', 'New', 2019, '1.4752'),
(4976, 1, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.2453'),
(4977, 2, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.2400'),
(4978, 3, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.2881'),
(4979, 5, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.3543'),
(4980, 4, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.2452'),
(4981, 6, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.3375'),
(4982, 7, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.2262'),
(4983, 8, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.2302'),
(4984, 9, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.3817'),
(4985, 10, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.2676'),
(4986, 14, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.4152'),
(4987, 11, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.0000'),
(4988, 13, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.2542'),
(4989, 12, '103U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4990, 17, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.2409'),
(4991, 15, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.2187'),
(4992, 16, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.4142'),
(4993, 19, '103U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4994, 18, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.2148'),
(4995, 20, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.2288'),
(4996, 21, '103U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4997, 22, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.2242'),
(4998, 23, '103U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(4999, 25, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.2452'),
(5000, 24, '103U', 'New', 2019, '1.2381'),
(5001, 1, '104A', 'New', 2019, '1.6866'),
(5002, 2, '104A', 'New', 2019, '1.8117'),
(5003, 3, '104A', 'New', 2019, '1.6843'),
(5004, 5, '104A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5005, 4, '104A', 'New', 2019, '1.8605'),
(5006, 6, '104A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5007, 7, '104A', 'New', 2019, '2.2385'),
(5008, 8, '104A', 'New', 2019, '1.7647'),
(5009, 9, '104A', 'New', 2019, '1.7743'),
(5010, 10, '104A', 'New', 2019, '1.6954'),
(5011, 14, '104A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5012, 11, '104A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5013, 13, '104A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5014, 12, '104A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5015, 17, '104A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5016, 15, '104A', 'New', 2019, '1.7094'),
(5017, 16, '104A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5018, 19, '104A', 'New', 2019, '1.8267'),
(5019, 18, '104A', 'New', 2019, '1.7316'),
(5020, 20, '104A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5021, 21, '104A', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5022, 22, '104A', 'New', 2019, '1.7248'),
(5023, 23, '104A', 'New', 2019, '2.2480'),
(5024, 25, '104A', 'New', 2019, '1.7652'),
(5025, 24, '104A', 'New', 2019, '1.6987'),
(5026, 1, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.6594'),
(5027, 2, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.6480'),
(5028, 3, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.6504'),
(5029, 5, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.6626'),
(5030, 4, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.6809'),
(5031, 6, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.7844'),
(5032, 7, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.6768'),
(5033, 8, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.6593'),
(5034, 9, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.6631'),
(5035, 10, '104C', 'New', 2019, '2.0423'),
(5036, 14, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.6783'),
(5037, 11, '104C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5038, 13, '104C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5039, 12, '104C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5040, 17, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.8267'),
(5041, 15, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.8280'),
(5042, 16, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.8021'),
(5043, 19, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.6516'),
(5044, 18, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.6713'),
(5045, 20, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.7076'),
(5046, 21, '104C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5047, 22, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.6880'),
(5048, 23, '104C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5049, 25, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.6837'),
(5050, 24, '104C', 'New', 2019, '1.6527'),
(5051, 1, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.4860'),
(5052, 2, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.4999'),
(5053, 3, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.4871'),
(5054, 5, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.6159'),
(5055, 4, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.5451'),
(5056, 6, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.5192'),
(5057, 7, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.5142'),
(5058, 8, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.4890'),
(5059, 9, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.5717'),
(5060, 10, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.4838'),
(5061, 14, '104D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5062, 11, '104D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5063, 13, '104D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5064, 12, '104D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5065, 17, '104D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5066, 15, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.5488'),
(5067, 16, '104D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5068, 19, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.4896'),
(5069, 18, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.5920'),
(5070, 20, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.6100'),
(5071, 21, '104D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5072, 22, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.4978'),
(5073, 23, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.5076'),
(5074, 25, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.5079'),
(5075, 24, '104D', 'New', 2019, '1.5110'),
(5076, 1, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3097'),
(5077, 2, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3039'),
(5078, 3, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3253'),
(5079, 5, '104F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5080, 4, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3122'),
(5081, 6, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3246'),
(5082, 7, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3935'),
(5083, 8, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3028'),
(5084, 9, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3272'),
(5085, 10, '104F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5086, 14, '104F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5087, 11, '104F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5088, 13, '104F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5089, 12, '104F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5090, 17, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.4174'),
(5091, 15, '104F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5092, 16, '104F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5093, 19, '104F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5094, 18, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3937'),
(5095, 20, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3964'),
(5096, 21, '104F', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5097, 22, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3924'),
(5098, 23, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3454'),
(5099, 25, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3266'),
(5100, 24, '104F', 'New', 2019, '1.3964'),
(5101, 1, '104J', 'New', 2019, '0.9706'),
(5102, 2, '104J', 'New', 2019, '0.9692'),
(5103, 3, '104J', 'New', 2019, '1.0601'),
(5104, 5, '104J', 'New', 2019, '1.1092'),
(5105, 4, '104J', 'New', 2019, '0.9718'),
(5106, 6, '104J', 'New', 2019, '0.9831'),
(5107, 7, '104J', 'New', 2019, '0.9767'),
(5108, 8, '104J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5109, 9, '104J', 'New', 2019, '0.9801'),
(5110, 10, '104J', 'New', 2019, '1.1019'),
(5111, 14, '104J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5112, 11, '104J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5113, 13, '104J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5114, 12, '104J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5115, 17, '104J', 'New', 2019, '1.0775'),
(5116, 15, '104J', 'New', 2019, '0.9771'),
(5117, 16, '104J', 'New', 2019, '1.0819'),
(5118, 19, '104J', 'New', 2019, '0.9797'),
(5119, 18, '104J', 'New', 2019, '0.9756'),
(5120, 20, '104J', 'New', 2019, '1.0822'),
(5121, 21, '104J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5122, 22, '104J', 'New', 2019, '0.9700'),
(5123, 23, '104J', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5124, 25, '104J', 'New', 2019, '0.9993'),
(5125, 24, '104J', 'New', 2019, '0.9803'),
(5126, 1, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.0650'),
(5127, 2, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.0647'),
(5128, 3, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.0784'),
(5129, 5, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.1019'),
(5130, 4, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.0822'),
(5131, 6, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.3124'),
(5132, 7, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.1442'),
(5133, 8, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.2728'),
(5134, 9, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.2449'),
(5135, 10, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.1391'),
(5136, 14, '104K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5137, 11, '104K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5138, 13, '104K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5139, 12, '104K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5140, 17, '104K', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5141, 15, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.1184'),
(5142, 16, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.1006'),
(5143, 19, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.0859'),
(5144, 18, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.0688'),
(5145, 20, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.1033'),
(5146, 21, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.2560'),
(5147, 22, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.0908'),
(5148, 23, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.1158'),
(5149, 25, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.1205'),
(5150, 24, '104K', 'New', 2019, '1.1165'),
(5151, 1, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.9457'),
(5152, 2, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.9166'),
(5153, 3, '104R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5154, 5, '104R', 'New', 2019, '1.2327'),
(5155, 4, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.9160'),
(5156, 6, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.5708'),
(5157, 7, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.8458'),
(5158, 8, '104R', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5159, 9, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.8829'),
(5160, 10, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.8059'),
(5161, 14, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.8832'),
(5162, 11, '104R', 'New', 2019, '-0.0883'),
(5163, 13, '104R', 'New', 2019, '9.9999'),
(5164, 12, '104R', 'New', 2019, '-0.0093'),
(5165, 17, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.7492'),
(5166, 15, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.9297'),
(5167, 16, '104R', 'New', 2019, '1.1571'),
(5168, 19, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.8606'),
(5169, 18, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.9720'),
(5170, 20, '104R', 'New', 2019, '1.1186'),
(5171, 21, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.7187'),
(5172, 22, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.9199'),
(5173, 23, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.6807'),
(5174, 25, '104R', 'New', 2019, '1.0137'),
(5175, 24, '104R', 'New', 2019, '0.9566'),
(5176, 1, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.0993'),
(5177, 2, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.0773'),
(5178, 3, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.0767'),
(5179, 5, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.2624'),
(5180, 4, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.1960'),
(5181, 6, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.1092'),
(5182, 7, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.2430'),
(5183, 8, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.2910'),
(5184, 9, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.2364'),
(5185, 10, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.1634'),
(5186, 14, '104U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5187, 11, '104U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5188, 13, '104U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5189, 12, '104U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5190, 17, '104U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5191, 15, '104U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5192, 16, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.1259'),
(5193, 19, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.3203'),
(5194, 18, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.0874'),
(5195, 20, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.1626'),
(5196, 21, '104U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5197, 22, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.0874'),
(5198, 23, '104U', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5199, 25, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.0857'),
(5200, 24, '104U', 'New', 2019, '1.0841'),
(5201, 1, '108C', 'New', 2019, '1.1037'),
(5202, 2, '108C', 'New', 2019, '1.1031'),
(5203, 3, '108C', 'New', 2019, '1.0740'),
(5204, 5, '108C', 'New', 2019, '1.0819'),
(5205, 4, '108C', 'New', 2019, '1.0874'),
(5206, 6, '108C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5207, 7, '108C', 'New', 2019, '0.8894'),
(5208, 8, '108C', 'New', 2019, '1.0936'),
(5209, 9, '108C', 'New', 2019, '1.1975'),
(5210, 10, '108C', 'New', 2019, '1.1776'),
(5211, 14, '108C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5212, 11, '108C', 'New', 2019, '0.5457'),
(5213, 13, '108C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5214, 12, '108C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5215, 17, '108C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5216, 15, '108C', 'New', 2019, '0.9605'),
(5217, 16, '108C', 'New', 2019, '0.7757'),
(5218, 19, '108C', 'New', 2019, '0.9212'),
(5219, 18, '108C', 'New', 2019, '0.7037'),
(5220, 20, '108C', 'New', 2019, '0.5914'),
(5221, 21, '108C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5222, 22, '108C', 'New', 2019, '0.6668'),
(5223, 23, '108C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5224, 25, '108C', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5225, 24, '108C', 'New', 2019, '0.7524'),
(5226, 1, '108D', 'New', 2019, '1.1978'),
(5227, 2, '108D', 'New', 2019, '0.9813'),
(5228, 3, '108D', 'New', 2019, '1.0531'),
(5229, 5, '108D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5230, 4, '108D', 'New', 2019, '0.9398'),
(5231, 6, '108D', 'New', 2019, '0.8153'),
(5232, 7, '108D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5233, 8, '108D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5234, 9, '108D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5235, 10, '108D', 'New', 2019, '1.4905'),
(5236, 14, '108D', 'New', 2019, '0.1998'),
(5237, 11, '108D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5238, 13, '108D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5239, 12, '108D', 'New', 2019, '0.6189'),
(5240, 17, '108D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5241, 15, '108D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5242, 16, '108D', 'New', 2019, '0.3989'),
(5243, 19, '108D', 'New', 2019, '0.9192'),
(5244, 18, '108D', 'New', 2019, '0.8138'),
(5245, 20, '108D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5246, 21, '108D', 'New', 2019, '1.0749'),
(5247, 22, '108D', 'New', 2019, '0.8578'),
(5248, 23, '108D', 'New', 2019, '0.4317'),
(5249, 25, '108D', 'New', 2019, '0.9881'),
(5250, 24, '108D', 'New', 2019, '1.1967'),
(5251, 1, '098D', 'New', 2019, '1.3378'),
(5252, 2, '098D', 'New', 2019, '1.2508'),
(5253, 3, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5254, 5, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5255, 4, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5256, 6, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5257, 7, '098D', 'New', 2019, '1.2973'),
(5258, 8, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5259, 9, '098D', 'New', 2019, '1.2348'),
(5260, 10, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5261, 14, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5262, 11, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5263, 13, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5264, 12, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5265, 17, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5266, 15, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5267, 16, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5268, 19, '098D', 'New', 2019, '1.3397'),
(5269, 18, '098D', 'New', 2019, '1.2556'),
(5270, 20, '098D', 'New', 2019, '1.2415'),
(5271, 21, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5272, 22, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5273, 23, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5274, 25, '098D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5275, 24, '098D', 'New', 2019, '1.2996'),
(5276, 1, '098L', 'New', 2019, '0.8969'),
(5277, 2, '098L', 'New', 2019, '1.2300'),
(5278, 3, '098L', 'New', 2019, '0.8843'),
(5279, 5, '098L', 'New', 2019, '0.6078'),
(5280, 4, '098L', 'New', 2019, '1.1265'),
(5281, 6, '098L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5282, 7, '098L', 'New', 2019, '1.1887'),
(5283, 8, '098L', 'New', 2019, '0.7980'),
(5284, 9, '098L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5285, 10, '098L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5286, 14, '098L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5287, 11, '098L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5288, 13, '098L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5289, 12, '098L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5290, 17, '098L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5291, 15, '098L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5292, 16, '098L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5293, 19, '098L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5294, 18, '098L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5295, 20, '098L', 'New', 2019, '0.7537'),
(5296, 21, '098L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5297, 22, '098L', 'New', 2019, '0.5517'),
(5298, 23, '098L', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5299, 25, '098L', 'New', 2019, '1.1007'),
(5300, 24, '098L', 'New', 2019, '1.0864'),
(5301, 1, '098E', 'New', 2019, '0.6638'),
(5302, 2, '098E', 'New', 2019, '0.4913'),
(5303, 3, '098E', 'New', 2019, '0.8635'),
(5304, 5, '098E', 'New', 2019, '1.1590'),
(5305, 4, '098E', 'New', 2019, '0.9521'),
(5306, 6, '098E', 'New', 2019, '0.8930'),
(5307, 7, '098E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5308, 8, '098E', 'New', 2019, '0.8314'),
(5309, 9, '098E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5310, 10, '098E', 'New', 2019, '1.0292'),
(5311, 14, '098E', 'New', 2019, '0.9925'),
(5312, 11, '098E', 'New', 2019, '0.9586'),
(5313, 13, '098E', 'New', 2019, '1.0000'),
(5314, 12, '098E', 'New', 2019, '0.7787'),
(5315, 17, '098E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5316, 15, '098E', 'New', 2019, '1.0367'),
(5317, 16, '098E', 'New', 2019, '0.8916'),
(5318, 19, '098E', 'New', 2019, '0.5752'),
(5319, 18, '098E', 'New', 2019, '0.9868'),
(5320, 20, '098E', 'New', 2019, '0.5756'),
(5321, 21, '098E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5322, 22, '098E', 'New', 2019, '0.5373'),
(5323, 23, '098E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5324, 25, '098E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5325, 24, '098E', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5326, 1, '098H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5327, 2, '098H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5328, 3, '098H', 'New', 2019, '1.0908'),
(5329, 5, '098H', 'New', 2019, '1.0688'),
(5330, 4, '098H', 'New', 2019, '0.6913'),
(5331, 6, '098H', 'New', 2019, '0.7140'),
(5332, 7, '098H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5333, 8, '098H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5334, 9, '098H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5335, 10, '098H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5336, 14, '098H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5337, 11, '098H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5338, 13, '098H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5339, 12, '098H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5340, 17, '098H', 'New', 2019, '0.8095'),
(5341, 15, '098H', 'New', 2019, '1.0818'),
(5342, 16, '098H', 'New', 2019, '1.1369'),
(5343, 19, '098H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5344, 18, '098H', 'New', 2019, '0.8666'),
(5345, 20, '098H', 'New', 2019, '0.1602'),
(5346, 21, '098H', 'New', 2019, '1.1170'),
(5347, 22, '098H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5348, 23, '098H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5349, 25, '098H', 'New', 2019, '0.8887'),
(5350, 24, '098H', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5351, 1, '100D', 'New', 2019, '1.1573'),
(5352, 2, '100D', 'New', 2019, '0.9210'),
(5353, 3, '100D', 'New', 2019, '0.7875'),
(5354, 5, '100D', 'New', 2019, '1.2176'),
(5355, 4, '100D', 'New', 2019, '1.0525'),
(5356, 6, '100D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5357, 7, '100D', 'New', 2019, '0.8648'),
(5358, 8, '100D', 'New', 2019, '0.8193'),
(5359, 9, '100D', 'New', 2019, '1.0061'),
(5360, 10, '100D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5361, 14, '100D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5362, 11, '100D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5363, 13, '100D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5364, 12, '100D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5365, 17, '100D', 'New', 2019, '1.0054'),
(5366, 15, '100D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5367, 16, '100D', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5368, 19, '100D', 'New', 2019, '1.2168'),
(5369, 18, '100D', 'New', 2019, '1.2176'),
(5370, 20, '100D', 'New', 2019, '1.1759'),
(5371, 21, '100D', 'New', 2019, '1.7961'),
(5372, 22, '100D', 'New', 2019, '1.0541'),
(5373, 23, '100D', 'New', 2019, '1.1915'),
(5374, 25, '100D', 'New', 2019, '1.0579'),
(5375, 24, '100D', 'New', 2019, '1.1869'),
(5376, 1, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.3829'),
(5377, 2, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.3440'),
(5378, 3, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.3862'),
(5379, 5, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.4172'),
(5380, 4, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.3815'),
(5381, 6, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.4394'),
(5382, 7, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.4860'),
(5383, 8, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.3544'),
(5384, 9, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.3811'),
(5385, 10, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.4660'),
(5386, 14, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.1335'),
(5387, 11, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.3318'),
(5388, 13, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.1980'),
(5389, 12, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.3439'),
(5390, 17, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.4824'),
(5391, 15, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.4120'),
(5392, 16, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.4455'),
(5393, 19, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.4669'),
(5394, 18, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.4121'),
(5395, 20, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.4356'),
(5396, 21, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.4402'),
(5397, 22, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.4629'),
(5398, 23, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.3745'),
(5399, 25, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.3981'),
(5400, 24, '101R', 'New', 2019, '1.4558'),
(5401, 1, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5402, 2, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5403, 3, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5404, 5, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5405, 4, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5406, 6, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5407, 7, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5408, 8, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5409, 9, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5410, 10, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5411, 14, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5412, 11, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5413, 13, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5414, 12, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5415, 17, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5416, 15, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5417, 16, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5418, 19, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5419, 18, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5420, 20, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5421, 21, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5422, 22, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5423, 23, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5424, 25, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5425, 24, '105D', 'New', 2019, '1.1755'),
(5426, 1, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '0.9358'),
(5427, 2, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '1.2707'),
(5428, 3, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0508'),
(5429, 5, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0746'),
(5430, 4, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '0.7957'),
(5431, 6, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '1.5532'),
(5432, 7, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '0.4376'),
(5433, 8, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '1.2614'),
(5434, 9, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '1.3184'),
(5435, 10, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5436, 14, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5437, 11, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5438, 13, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5439, 12, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5440, 17, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5441, 15, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5442, 16, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '1.1106'),
(5443, 19, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '1.3716'),
(5444, 18, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '1.1381'),
(5445, 20, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '1.1172'),
(5446, 21, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '1.1309'),
(5447, 22, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '0.9240'),
(5448, 23, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0522'),
(5449, 25, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '1.1077'),
(5450, 24, '085Z', 'New', 2019, '1.3927'),
(5451, 1, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '0.7157'),
(5452, 2, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '0.8201'),
(5453, 3, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0160'),
(5454, 5, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '0.8519'),
(5455, 4, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0009'),
(5456, 6, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '0.7132'),
(5457, 7, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '0.8689'),
(5458, 8, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0616'),
(5459, 9, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '0.5605'),
(5460, 10, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5461, 14, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5462, 11, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5463, 13, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5464, 12, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5465, 17, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '0.7011'),
(5466, 15, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5467, 16, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '0.4921'),
(5468, 19, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '-0.1142'),
(5469, 18, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '0.9860'),
(5470, 20, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0270'),
(5471, 21, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '1.1018'),
(5472, 22, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '0.5489'),
(5473, 23, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '0.8975'),
(5474, 25, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '0.7382'),
(5475, 24, '068Z', 'New', 2019, '0.9244'),
(5476, 1, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '0.9235'),
(5477, 2, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '0.8504'),
(5478, 3, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '1.1598'),
(5479, 5, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0851'),
(5480, 4, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '1.1519'),
(5481, 6, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0434'),
(5482, 7, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '0.1638'),
(5483, 8, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '1.2709'),
(5484, 9, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '0.9749'),
(5485, 10, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5486, 14, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5487, 11, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5488, 13, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5489, 12, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0455'),
(5490, 17, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '0.9569'),
(5491, 15, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5492, 16, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0998'),
(5493, 19, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0888'),
(5494, 18, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0687'),
(5495, 20, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '0.9028'),
(5496, 21, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '1.1095'),
(5497, 22, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '1.1312'),
(5498, 23, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '1.2255'),
(5499, 25, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '1.1965'),
(5500, 24, '069Z', 'New', 2019, '1.1185'),
(5501, 1, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '0.5865'),
(5502, 2, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '0.5616'),
(5503, 3, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '0.6111'),
(5504, 5, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '0.4412'),
(5505, 4, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0818'),
(5506, 6, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '-0.0258'),
(5507, 7, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5508, 8, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '0.8921'),
(5509, 9, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '0.3486'),
(5510, 10, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5511, 14, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5512, 11, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5513, 13, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5514, 12, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5515, 17, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '0.3841'),
(5516, 15, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5517, 16, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '0.6545'),
(5518, 19, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5519, 18, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '0.1447'),
(5520, 20, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0940'),
(5521, 21, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '0.8820'),
(5522, 22, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '0.9791'),
(5523, 23, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '1.2947'),
(5524, 25, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '1.0833'),
(5525, 24, '071Z', 'New', 2019, '0.8801'),
(5526, 1, '070X', 'New', 2019, '-0.3314'),
(5527, 2, '070X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5528, 3, '070X', 'New', 2019, '0.2525'),
(5529, 5, '070X', 'New', 2019, '1.0954'),
(5530, 4, '070X', 'New', 2019, '0.0578'),
(5531, 6, '070X', 'New', 2019, '0.5425'),
(5532, 7, '070X', 'New', 2019, '1.0351'),
(5533, 8, '070X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5534, 9, '070X', 'New', 2019, '0.8798'),
(5535, 10, '070X', 'New', 2019, '0.6002'),
(5536, 14, '070X', 'New', 2019, '-0.2175'),
(5537, 11, '070X', 'New', 2019, '0.3115'),
(5538, 13, '070X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5539, 12, '070X', 'New', 2019, '0.8598'),
(5540, 17, '070X', 'New', 2019, '0.8837'),
(5541, 15, '070X', 'New', 2019, '0.4694'),
(5542, 16, '070X', 'New', 2019, '0.5379'),
(5543, 19, '070X', 'New', 2019, '0.0302'),
(5544, 18, '070X', 'New', 2019, '0.3259'),
(5545, 20, '070X', 'New', 2019, '0.2802'),
(5546, 21, '070X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5547, 22, '070X', 'New', 2019, '1.0105'),
(5548, 23, '070X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5549, 25, '070X', 'New', 2019, '-0.1697'),
(5550, 24, '070X', 'New', 2019, '1.0341'),
(5551, 1, '068X', 'New', 2019, '-0.0797'),
(5552, 2, '068X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5553, 3, '068X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5554, 5, '068X', 'New', 2019, '0.2488'),
(5555, 4, '068X', 'New', 2019, '0.2481'),
(5556, 6, '068X', 'New', 2019, '0.6033'),
(5557, 7, '068X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5558, 8, '068X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5559, 9, '068X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5560, 10, '068X', 'New', 2019, '0.5852'),
(5561, 14, '068X', 'New', 2019, '0.4932'),
(5562, 11, '068X', 'New', 2019, '0.5897'),
(5563, 13, '068X', 'New', 2019, '0.5842'),
(5564, 12, '068X', 'New', 2019, '0.2739'),
(5565, 17, '068X', 'New', 2019, '-0.1149'),
(5566, 15, '068X', 'New', 2019, '0.3870'),
(5567, 16, '068X', 'New', 2019, '-0.1248'),
(5568, 19, '068X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5569, 18, '068X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5570, 20, '068X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5571, 21, '068X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5572, 22, '068X', 'New', 2019, '0.4313'),
(5573, 23, '068X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5574, 25, '068X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5575, 24, '068X', 'New', 2019, '0.9058'),
(5576, 1, '069X', 'New', 2019, '0.5468'),
(5577, 2, '069X', 'New', 2019, '0.5575'),
(5578, 3, '069X', 'New', 2019, '1.2601'),
(5579, 5, '069X', 'New', 2019, '1.0683'),
(5580, 4, '069X', 'New', 2019, '0.4790'),
(5581, 6, '069X', 'New', 2019, '-0.0706'),
(5582, 7, '069X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5583, 8, '069X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5584, 9, '069X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5585, 10, '069X', 'New', 2019, '0.3037'),
(5586, 14, '069X', 'New', 2019, '0.3794'),
(5587, 11, '069X', 'New', 2019, '0.0071'),
(5588, 13, '069X', 'New', 2019, '0.1419'),
(5589, 12, '069X', 'New', 2019, '0.0883'),
(5590, 17, '069X', 'New', 2019, '0.0725'),
(5591, 15, '069X', 'New', 2019, '0.2104'),
(5592, 16, '069X', 'New', 2019, '-0.3469'),
(5593, 19, '069X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5594, 18, '069X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5595, 20, '069X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5596, 21, '069X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5597, 22, '069X', 'New', 2019, '0.5867'),
(5598, 23, '069X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5599, 25, '069X', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5600, 24, '069X', 'New', 2019, '0.2438'),
(5601, 1, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5602, 2, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5603, 3, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5604, 5, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '-0.1356'),
(5605, 4, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5606, 6, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5607, 7, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5608, 8, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '-0.3570'),
(5609, 9, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '0.5252'),
(5610, 10, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '-0.1682'),
(5611, 14, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5612, 11, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5613, 13, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5614, 12, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '0.6031'),
(5615, 17, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '0.0208'),
(5616, 15, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '0.2497'),
(5617, 16, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '-0.3182'),
(5618, 19, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '0.6475'),
(5619, 18, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '0.7619'),
(5620, 20, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '0.2047'),
(5621, 21, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '2.0910'),
(5622, 22, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '0.3510'),
(5623, 23, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5624, 25, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '0.4717'),
(5625, 24, '072Y', 'New', 2019, '0.1060'),
(5626, 1, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '-0.5249'),
(5627, 2, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5628, 3, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5629, 5, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '1.0637'),
(5630, 4, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '-0.3450'),
(5631, 6, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '0.3500'),
(5632, 7, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5633, 8, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5634, 9, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5635, 10, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '0.4760'),
(5636, 14, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '0.3156'),
(5637, 11, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '0.4577'),
(5638, 13, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '0.5227'),
(5639, 12, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '0.2264'),
(5640, 17, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '0.2449'),
(5641, 15, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '0.3956'),
(5642, 16, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '-0.2750'),
(5643, 19, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5644, 18, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5645, 20, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5646, 21, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5647, 22, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '0.1841'),
(5648, 23, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5649, 25, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5650, 24, '068Y', 'New', 2019, '-0.1825'),
(5651, 1, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '-0.4221'),
(5652, 2, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '-0.1858'),
(5653, 3, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '0.0331'),
(5654, 5, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '-0.4590'),
(5655, 4, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '-0.0739'),
(5656, 6, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '0.6510'),
(5657, 7, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5658, 8, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5659, 9, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5660, 10, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '0.4741'),
(5661, 14, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '0.6594'),
(5662, 11, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '0.5174'),
(5663, 13, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '0.6384'),
(5664, 12, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '0.3673'),
(5665, 17, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '0.6335'),
(5666, 15, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '0.6787'),
(5667, 16, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '0.6665'),
(5668, 19, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '0.4870'),
(5669, 18, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5670, 20, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5671, 21, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5672, 22, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '0.6173'),
(5673, 23, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5674, 25, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '0.1758'),
(5675, 24, '069Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5676, 1, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '-0.1472'),
(5677, 2, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5678, 3, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5679, 5, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '0.0411'),
(5680, 4, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '-0.1318'),
(5681, 6, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '0.9323'),
(5682, 7, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5683, 8, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5684, 9, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5685, 10, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '0.9244'),
(5686, 14, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '0.9554'),
(5687, 11, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '0.7080'),
(5688, 13, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '0.8571'),
(5689, 12, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '0.5914'),
(5690, 17, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '0.8790'),
(5691, 15, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '0.8879'),
(5692, 16, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '0.8890'),
(5693, 19, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '0.8182'),
(5694, 18, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5695, 20, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5696, 21, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5697, 22, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '0.6636'),
(5698, 23, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '-1.0000'),
(5699, 25, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '0.8511'),
(5700, 24, '071Y', 'New', 2019, '0.8615');

CREATE VIEW v_zscore_table AS
	SELECT
	District.district_name AS district_name,
	v_gov_course_and_university.gov_course_name AS gov_course_name,
	v_gov_course_and_university.uni_name AS uni_name,
	v_gov_course_and_university.unicode AS unicode,	
	v_gov_course_and_university.stream_id AS stream_id,
	ZScoreTable.syllabus AS syllabus,
	ZScoreTable.year AS year,
	ZScoreTable.z_score AS z_score
	FROM ZScoreTable
	INNER JOIN District ON
	ZScoreTable.district_id = District.district_id
	LEFT JOIN v_gov_course_and_university ON
	ZScoreTable.unicode = v_gov_course_and_university.unicode;

-- newly added tables (must be added to er as well)
CREATE TABLE Comments (
	comment_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
	post_id INT,
	user_id INT,
	content TEXT NOT NULL,
	ups INT,
	downs INT,
	created_at DATETIME NOT NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
	PRIMARY KEY(comment_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(post_id) REFERENCES Posts(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
	FOREIGN KEY(user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);



CREATE TABLE UniversityType (
	uni_type_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
	uni_type_name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
	PRIMARY KEY(uni_type_id)
);

INSERT INTO UniversityType(uni_type_name) VALUES ('Government');
INSERT INTO UniversityType(uni_type_name) VALUES ('Semi-Goverment');
INSERT INTO UniversityType(uni_type_name) VALUES ('Private');


CREATE TABLE Connections (
	connection_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
	from_user_id INT,
	to_user_id INT,
	PRIMARY KEY(connection_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(from_user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
	FOREIGN KEY(to_user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

CREATE TABLE Review (
	review_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
	post_id INT,
	user_id INT,
	rate INT,
	review TEXT,
	created_at DATETIME NOT NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
	PRIMARY KEY(review_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(post_id) REFERENCES Posts(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
	FOREIGN KEY(user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE	
);

CREATE TABLE PostInteractions (
	interaction_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
	user_id INT,
	post_id INT,
	interaction VARCHAR(10),
	PRIMARY KEY(interaction_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
	FOREIGN KEY(post_id) REFERENCES Posts(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

CREATE TABLE CommentInteractions (
	comment_interaction_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
	user_id INT,
	comment_id INT,
	comment_interaction VARCHAR(10),
	PRIMARY KEY(comment_interaction_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
	FOREIGN KEY(comment_id) REFERENCES Comments(comment_id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

CREATE TABLE School (
	school_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
	name VARCHAR(255),
	type VARCHAR(50),
	district_id INT,
	PRIMARY KEY(school_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(district_id) REFERENCES District(district_id)
);

-- REFERENCE https://en-academic.com/dic.nsf/enwiki/2241263
-- National schools
-- Colombo
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ananda Balika Vidayalaya, Colombo 10", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ananda College", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ananda Sastralaya, Kotte", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Asoka Vidyalaya, Colombo 10", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Anula Vidyalaya", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Colombo Hindu College", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Defence Services School, Colombo", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Devi Balika Vidyalaya", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Dharmapala Vidyalaya, Pannipitiya", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("D.S.Senanayake College", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Gothami Balika Vidyalaya, Colombo 10", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Hameed Al Hussainie College", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Isipathana College", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Lindsay Collage", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Mahanama College", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Mahamaya Balika Vidyalaya, Nugegoda", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Muslim Ladies College", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Nalanda College", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Presbyterian Girls' National School, Dehiwala", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("President's College (Sri Lanka)", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Prince of Wales' Maha Vidayalaya, Moratuwa", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Princess of Wales' Maha Vidayalaya, Moratuwa", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Royal College Colombo", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sirimavo Balika Vidyalaya", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Lucia's College (Maha Vidyalaya), Kotahena, Colombo - 13", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Pauls Girls' School, Milagiriya", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Thurstan College", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Veluwana Vidyalaya, Colombo 09", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Visakha Vidyalaya", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Vivekananda College", 'National', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Yasodara Balika Vidyalaya", 'National', 1);

-- Kandy
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Beravats College Ampitiya -Kandy", 'National', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Dharmaraja College", 'National', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Girls' High School", 'National', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Kingswood College", 'National', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Mahamaya Girls' College, Kandy", 'National', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Nugawela Boys' College, Kandy", 'National', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Pushpadana Girls' College", 'National', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St/Sylvester's College", 'National', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Vidyartha College, Kandy", 'National', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Zahira Muslim Mahavidyalayas, Gampola", 'National', 4);

-- Galle
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ananda Central College", 'National', 7);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Anurudda kumara maha vidyalaya", 'National', 7);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Dharmasoka College", 'National', 7);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Good Shepherd Convent", 'National', 7);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Mahinda College", 'National', 7);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Richmond College", 'National', 7);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sacred Heart Convent", 'National', 7);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sangamitta Balika Vidyalaya", 'National', 7);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Southlands College", 'National', 7);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sri Kalyanatissa Vidyalaya,Batapola", 'National', 7);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St.Aloysius College", 'National', 7);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Vidyaloka College", 'National', 7);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("G/Zahira college", 'National', 7);

-- Jaffna
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Hindu College, Chavakachcheri", 'National', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Jaffna Central College", 'National', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Jaffna Hindu College", 'National', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Kokuvil Hindu College", 'National', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Tellippalai Union College", 'National', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("J/Thuraiyappa Vithiyalayam, Columbuthurai, Jaffna", 'National', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Vembady Girls High School", 'National', 10);

-- Kurunegala

INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Holy Family Convent", 'National', 18);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Maliyadeva Balika Vidyalaya", 'National', 18);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Maliyadeva College", 'National', 18);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Anne's College", 'National', 18);

-- Matale

INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ajmeer Madhya Maha Vidyalaya", 'National', 5);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Amina Maha Vidyalaya", 'National', 5);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Christ Church College, Matale", 'National', 5);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Matale Hindu College", 'National', 5);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sri Naga National College", 'National', 5);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sri Sangamitta Balika Madhya Vidyalaya, Matale", 'National', 5);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St Thomas' College, Matale", 'National', 5);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Vijaya College, Matale", 'National', 5);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Zahira College, Matale", 'National', 5);

-- Matara

INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Narandeniya Central College, Kamburupitiya", 'National', 8);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Rahula College", 'National', 8);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St Chearch College", 'National', 8);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St Sevatious College", 'National', 8);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St Thomas' College, Matara", 'National', 8);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sujatha Vidyalaya, Matara", 'National', 8);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Thihagoda M.M.V", 'National', 8);

-- Anuradhapura
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Anuradhapura Central College", 'National', 20);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Swarnapali Balika Maha Vidyalaya", 'National', 20);

-- Polonnaruwa
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ananda Balika Vidyala", 'National', 21);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Aralaganvila Vilayaya Central College", 'National', 21);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Madirigiriya Central College", 'National', 21);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Minnariya Central college", 'National', 21);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Polonnaruwa Royal Central College", 'National', 21);

-- Kalutara
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Kalutara Balika National School Kalutara", 'National', 3);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Kalutara Vidyalaya, Kalutara", 'National', 3);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Kalutara muslim maha vidyalaya kalutara", 'National', 3);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Miriswatta Maha Vidyalaya,Dodangoda", 'National', 3);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("K/Sri Devananda Vidyalaya kalutara", 'National', 3);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Tissa Vidyalaya, Kalutara", 'National', 3);

-- Gampaha
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Bandaranayaka College", 'National', 2);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Nalanda Boy's School, Minuwangoda", 'National', 2);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sri Dharmaloka College", 'National', 2);

-- Kegalle
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Dudley Senanayake Central College - Tholangamuwa", 'National', 25);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Kegalu Balika Maha Vidyalaya", 'National', 25);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Kegalu Vidyalaya", 'National', 25);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St Joseph's Convent", 'National', 25);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St Mary's College", 'National', 25);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Zahira College, Mawanella", 'National', 25);

-- Puttalam
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ananda National School, Chilaw", 'National', 19);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Anamaduwa National College, Anamaduwa", 'National', 19);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Andre College, Puttalam", 'National', 19);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Al/Aqza National School, Kalpitiya", 'National', 19);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Dankotuwa Balika, Dankotuwa", 'National', 19);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Dhammissara National College, Nattandiya", 'National', 19);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Holy Family Girls School, Wennappuwa", 'National', 19);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Joseph Vaz College, Wennappuwa", 'National', 19);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Senanayake National College,Madampe", 'National', 19);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Zahira National School, Puttalam", 'National', 19);

-- Badulla
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ambadandegama Maha Vidyalaya, Bandarawela", 'National', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Badulla Central College, Badulla", 'National', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Badulla Dharmadutha College, Badulla", 'National', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Bandarawela Central college", 'National', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Dharmapala Maha Vidyalaya, Bandarawela", 'National', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Halpe National School, Halpe", 'National', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Kahagolla National School, Diyatalawa, Bandarawela", 'National', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("B/Kuda Kusum Balika Maha Vidyalaya, Bandarawela", 'National', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Naulla Central College, Demodara", 'National', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sri Janananda National School, Kadurugamuwa", 'National', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Joseph's College, Bandarawela", 'National', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Vishaka Balika Vidyalaya, Bandarawela", 'National', 22);

-- Provincial Schools
-- Colombo
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ananda Balika Vidyalaya, Kotte", 'Provincial', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("C.W.W. Kannangara Vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Good Shepherd Convent, Colombo-13", 'Provincial', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Gothami Balika Vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Janadhipathi Balika Vidyalaya, Nawala", 'Provincial', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Lumbini Vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sri Rahula Balika Vidyalaya, Malabe", 'Provincial', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Meegoda Dharmaraja Vidyalaya, Meegoda", 'Provincial', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Johns College, Nugegoda", 'Provincial', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Yashodara Balika Vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 1);

-- Kandy
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Gohagoda Maha Vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Halloluwa Navodya Maha Vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Nugawela Boys' College", 'Provincial', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Pushpadana Balika Vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ranabima Royal College", 'Provincial', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sarasavi Uyana Maha Vidyalaya,kandy", 'Provincial', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Vidyartha College", 'Provincial', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Viharamaha Devi Balika Vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Wariyapola Sri Sumangala College", 'Provincial', 4);

-- Galle
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("G/Ananda Central Collage", 'Provincial', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Batapola Central Collage", 'Provincial', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Karandeniya Central Collage", 'Provincial', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("G/P.De.S.Kularathna Maha Vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("G/Thunduwa Muslim Maha Vidyala", 'Provincial', 4);

-- Jaffna
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Jaffna Hindu Ladies College", 'Provincial', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Jaffna Hindu Primary (JHP)", 'Provincial', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Mahajana College, Tellippalai", 'Provincial', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Manipay Hindu College", 'Provincial', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Manipay Hindu Ladies College", 'Provincial', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Manipay Memorial English school", 'Provincial', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sri Somaskanda College, Puttur", 'Provincial', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Skandavarodaya College", 'Provincial', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Uduvil Girls High School", 'Provincial', 10);

-- Kurunegala
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ambanpola Central College, Ambanpola", 'Provincial', 18);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ambanpola Kanista Vidyalaya, Ambanpola", 'Provincial', 18);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Central College Kuliyapitiya", 'Provincial', 18);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sir John Kotalawala Vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 18);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Maliyadeva Model School", 'Provincial', 18);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Wayamba Royal Central College College", 'Provincial', 18);

-- Matale
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Government Science College, Matale", 'Provincial', 5);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sangamiththa Balika Maha vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 5);

-- Badulla
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Al-Adhan Muslim Mahavidyalaya", 'Provincial', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sujatha Vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Uva College", 'Provincial', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Viharamahadevi Girls school", 'Provincial', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Vishaka Vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 22);

-- Polonnaruwa
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Bandarawela Dharmapala Maha Vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 21);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Hingurakdamana Maha vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 21);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Lankapura Maha vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 21);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Vigitha Maha vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 21);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Thopawawa Maha vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 21);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sewamuktha Maha vidyalaya", 'Provincial', 21);

-- Ratnapura
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ferguson high School,Ratnapura", 'Provincial', 24);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Mihindu Vidyalaya, Ratnapura", 'Provincial', 24);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Nawanagara Vidyalaya, Ratnapura", 'Provincial', 24);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sumana Balika Vidyalaya, Ratnapura", 'Provincial', 24);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sivali Central College, Ratnapura", 'Provincial', 24);

-- Trincomalee
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Kinniya Central College", 'Provincial', 17);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Orr's Hill Vivekananda College", 'Provincial', 17);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ramakrishna Mission Sri Koneswara Hindu College", 'Provincial', 17);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St Mary's College, Trincomalee", 'Provincial', 17);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Trincomalee Hindu College", 'Provincial', 17);

-- Other cities
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Agamathi Balika Vidyalaya, Panadura", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Arafa National College, Weligama", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Annor Muslim Balika National College, Weligama", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Al-hilal Maha Vidyalaya, Sainthamaruthu", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Al Yaseen Vidyalaya, Bandarawela", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("As-Safa Muslim School, Madurapura, Denipitiya", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Atapattukanda K.V, Deiyandara", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Bandaranaike Vidyalaya, Gampaha", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Darmapala Maha Vidyalaya, Bandarawela", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Darmashoka Maha Vidyalaya, Bandarawela", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("De Mazenod College, Kandana", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Debaraweva Madhya Maha Vidyalaya, Tissamaharamaya", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Deiyandara M.M.V,Deiyandara", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Dhammissara national College, Nattandiya", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Bd/Haputale Tamil Central College, Haputale", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Joseph Vaz College, Wennapuwa", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Kegalle Balika Vidyalaya, Kegalle", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ketiyape M.V, Deiyandara", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Kilinochchi Madya Maha Vidyalayam, Kilinochchi", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("B/ Kuda Kusum Balika Maha Vidyalaya, Bandarawela", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Kudakusum Maha Vidyalaya, Bandarawela", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Mahumoos Ladies College, Kalmunai", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Mawala Vidyalaya, Wadduwa", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Mallavi Central College, Mallavi", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Malharu Sams School, Sainthamaruthu", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("MR/Kongala M.M.V, Hakmana", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("MR/Gagodagama jayawardana M.V, Hakmana", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("MR/Buddhajayanthi K.V, Hakmana", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Nalanda Girl's School, Minuwangoda", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Narandeniya M.M.V, kamburupitiya", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Piliyandala Central College, Piliyandala", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Panadura Royal College, Panadura", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Rathanawali Balika Vidyalaya, Gampaha", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Seevali Navodya Maha Vidyalaya, Bandarawela", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sitthartha College, Weligama", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sripali Maha Vidyalaya, Horana", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sir Rasik Fareed Maha Vidyalaya, Bandarawela", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sri Sangamitta Balika Vidyalaya, Matale", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Anne's M.M.V, Vankalai, Mannar", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Josophs College, Bandarawela", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Mary's Maha vidayalaya, Bandarawela", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Pauls Balika Maha Vidyalaya,Kelaniya", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sumagale Balika National College, Weligama", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("warnapali Balika Vidyalaya, Anuradhapura", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Taxila Central College, Horana", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Telijjawila Central College, Matara", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Thihagoda M.M.V,Thihagoda", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Tumpane Central College", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Vishaka Maha Vidyalaya, Bandarawela", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Vayavilan Central College, Vayavilan", 'Provincial', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Zahira College, Kalmunai", 'Provincial', 26);

-- Private schools
-- Colombo
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Alexcendra Collage, Maradana", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Bishop's College", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Buddhist Ladies College", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Carey College, Borella", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Good Shepherd Convent", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Highlands College, Nugegoda", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Holy Family Convent, Colombo 4", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Holy Family Convent, Dehiwela", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ladies College, Colombo", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Karlshrue College", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Methodist College, Colombo", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Musaeus College", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Our Lady of Victories Convent, Moratuwa", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Benedict's College, Coombo", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St Bridget's Convent, Colombo", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Joseph's College", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Paul's Girls School, Milagiriya", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Peter's College", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Sebastian's College, Moratuwa", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Thomas College, Mount Lavinia", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("S. Thomas' Preparatory School,Kollupitiya", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sujatha Vidyalaya - Nugegoda", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("The School For The Blind", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Wesley College", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Zahira College, Colombo", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ave Maria Convent, Negombo", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Maris Stella College, Negombo", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Newstead College, Negombo", 'Private', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Mary's College, Negombo", 'Private', 1);

-- Kandy
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Hillwood College", 'Private', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St Anthony's Balika Vidyalaya", 'Private', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St Anthony's College, Katugastota", 'Private', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Trinity College", 'Private', 4);

-- Galle
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Rippon Girls' College", 'Private', 7);

-- Jaffna
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Chundikuli Girls High School", 'Private', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Hartley College", 'Private', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Jaffna College", 'Private', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Jaffna Convent", 'Private', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. John's College, Jaffna", 'Private', 10);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Patrick's College", 'Private', 10);

-- Kurunegala
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Maliyadeva College", 'Private', 18);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Holy Family Convent", 'Private', 18);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Anne's College", 'Private', 18);

-- Matale
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St Thomas' Girls School, Matale", 'Private', 5);

-- Matara
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Mary's Convent, Matara", 'Private', 8);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Servatius'College, Matara", 'Private', 8);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Thomas Girl's School, Matara", 'Private', 8);

-- Badulla
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Thomas' College, Bandarawela", 'Private', 22);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Thomas' College, Guruthalawa", 'Private', 22);

-- Ratnapura
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Child Jesus's Convent, Ratnapura", 'Private', 24);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ferguson High School, Ratnapura", 'Private', 24);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Aloysius College, Ratnapura", 'Private', 24);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Luke's College, Ratnapura", 'Private', 24);

-- Other cities
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Holy Cross College, Gampaha", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Holy Cross College, Kalutara", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Mn.Vellankulam G.T.M.S, Mannar", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Michael's College, Batticaloa", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. John's College, Panadura", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Joseph's College, Trincomalee", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. John Bosco's College, Hatton", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Thomas College, Guruthalawa", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Thomas's College, Matale", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("St. Xavier Boy's National School, Mannar", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ceylinco Sussex College Network, Colombo", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ceylinco Sussex College Kandy Branch, Kandy", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ceylinco Sussex College Galle Branch, Galle", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ceylinco Sussex College Ratnapura Branch, Ratnapura", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Minhal Boys' School, Kotahena", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Vajira College, Colombo", 'Private', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Vidura College, Colombo", 'Private', 26);

-- International Schools
-- Colombo
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Aba Beel International College", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("American International School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Alethea International School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Amal International School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Asian International School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Belvoir College International", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Buddhist Ladies College International", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("The British School in Colombo", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("College Of World Education", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Colombo International School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Colombo South International School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Crescent Schools International", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Elizabeth Moir School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Gateway College, Colombo", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Highlands College", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ikra International School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ilma International School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("J.M.C. International School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Lakeland Inter-American School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Leighton Park International School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Lyceum International School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("The Overseas School of Colombo", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Oxford College International", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Rotary International School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Royal Institute", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Stafford International School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Willesden College International", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Wycherley International School", 'International', 1);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Winway International School", 'International', 1);

-- Kandy
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ecole Internationale", 'International', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Gateway College, Kandy (formally Kandy International School)", 'International', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Netherfield International School", 'International', 4);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Vision International School", 'International', 4);

-- International Schools in other cities
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Cambridge International, Matale", 'International', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Eureka International school, Kiribathgoda", 'International', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Gateway College, Negombo", 'International', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Leeds International School, Panadura", 'International', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Lyceum International School, Gampaha", 'International', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Lyceum International School, Kandana", 'International', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Lyceum International School, Panadura", 'International', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Lyceum International School, Ratnapura", 'International', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Lyceum International School, Wattala", 'International', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Negombo International School, Negombo", 'International', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Negombo South International School, Negombo", 'International', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Noor International School, Kalutara", 'International', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Royal International, Matale", 'International', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("OKI International School, Wattala", 'International', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Sri Bodhiraja International College, Embilipitiya", 'International', 26);
INSERT INTO School(name, type, district_id) VALUES ("Ward International School, Gampaha", 'International', 26);

-- Social profile details
CREATE TABLE SocialProfiles (
	profile_record_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
	user_id INT,
	facebook VARCHAR(255),
	twitter VARCHAR(255),
	linkedin VARCHAR(255),
	instagram VARCHAR(255),
	medium VARCHAR(255),
	printerest VARCHAR(255),
	youtube VARCHAR(255),
	reddit VARCHAR(255),
	PRIMARY KEY(profile_record_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

-- views
-- for ratings
CREATE VIEW v_posts_rate1 AS
	SELECT
	Review.post_id AS postId,
	COUNT(Review.review_id) AS rate1
	FROM Review
	WHERE Review.rate = 1
	GROUP BY Review.post_id;
	
CREATE VIEW v_posts_rate2 AS
	SELECT
	Review.post_id AS postId,
	COUNT(Review.review_id) AS rate2
	FROM Review
	WHERE Review.rate = 2
	GROUP BY Review.post_id;
	
CREATE VIEW v_posts_rate3 AS
	SELECT
	Review.post_id AS postId,
	COUNT(Review.review_id) AS rate3
	FROM Review
	WHERE Review.rate = 3
	GROUP BY Review.post_id;
	
CREATE VIEW v_posts_rate4 AS
	SELECT
	Review.post_id AS postId,
	COUNT(Review.review_id) AS rate4
	FROM Review
	WHERE Review.rate = 4
	GROUP BY Review.post_id;
	
CREATE VIEW v_posts_rate5 AS
	SELECT
	Review.post_id AS postId,
	COUNT(Review.review_id) AS rate5
	FROM Review
	WHERE Review.rate = 5
	GROUP BY Review.post_id;
	
CREATE VIEW v_posts_rates AS
	SELECT
	Posts.id AS postId,
	v_posts_rate1.rate1 AS rate1,
	v_posts_rate2.rate2 AS rate2,
	v_posts_rate3.rate3 AS rate3,
	v_posts_rate4.rate4 AS rate4,
	v_posts_rate5.rate5 AS rate5
	FROM Posts
	LEFT JOIN v_posts_rate1
	ON Posts.id = v_posts_rate1.postId
	LEFT JOIN v_posts_rate2
	ON Posts.id = v_posts_rate2.postId
	LEFT JOIN v_posts_rate3
	ON Posts.id = v_posts_rate3.postId
	LEFT JOIN v_posts_rate4
	ON Posts.id = v_posts_rate4.postId
	LEFT JOIN v_posts_rate5
	ON Posts.id = v_posts_rate5.postId;
	
-- for detailed posts
CREATE VIEW v_posts_with_users AS
	SELECT
	Posts.image AS image,
	Posts.type AS type,
	Users.first_name AS first_name,
	Users.last_name AS last_name,
	Users.profile_image AS profile_image,
	Users.actor_type AS actor_type,
	Users.specialized_actor_type AS specialized_actor_type,
	Users.status AS status,
	Posts.id AS postId,
	Users.id AS userId,
	Posts.created_at as postCreated,
	Posts.title AS title,
	Posts.body AS body,
	Posts.applied AS applied,
	Posts.capacity AS capacity,
	Posts.ups AS ups,
	Posts.downs AS downs,
	Posts.payed AS payed
	FROM Posts
	INNER JOIN Users  
	ON Posts.user_id = Users.id;
	
CREATE VIEW v_posts_with_rates AS
	SELECT 
	Posts.id AS postId,
	v_posts_rates.rate1 AS rate1,
	v_posts_rates.rate2 AS rate2,
	v_posts_rates.rate3 AS rate3,
	v_posts_rates.rate4 AS rate4,
	v_posts_rates.rate5 AS rate5
	FROM Posts
	LEFT JOIN v_posts_rates
	ON Posts.id = v_posts_rates.postId;
	
CREATE VIEW v_posts_with_reviews AS
	SELECT 
	Posts.id AS postId,
	COUNT(Review.review_id) AS review_count
	FROM Posts
	LEFT JOIN Review
	ON Posts.id = Review.post_id
	GROUP BY Posts.id;
	
CREATE VIEW v_posts_with_comments AS
	SELECT
	Posts.id AS postId,
	COUNT(Comments.comment_id) AS comment_count
	FROM Posts
	LEFT JOIN Comments
	ON Posts.id = Comments.post_id
	GROUP BY Posts.id;
	
CREATE VIEW v_complete_posts AS
	SELECT
	v_posts_with_users.postId AS postId,
	v_posts_with_users.userId AS userId,
	v_posts_with_users.type AS type,
	v_posts_with_users.image AS image,
	v_posts_with_users.actor_type AS actor_type,
	v_posts_with_users.specialized_actor_type AS specialized_actor_type,
	v_posts_with_users.profile_image AS profile_image,
	v_posts_with_users.first_name AS first_name,
	v_posts_with_users.last_name AS last_name,
	v_posts_with_users.status AS status,
	v_posts_with_users.postCreated as postCreated,
	v_posts_with_users.title AS title,
	v_posts_with_users.body AS body,
	v_posts_with_users.applied AS applied,
	v_posts_with_users.capacity AS capacity,
	v_posts_with_users.ups AS ups,
	v_posts_with_users.downs AS downs,
	v_posts_with_users.payed AS payed,
	v_posts_with_comments.comment_count AS comment_count,
	IFNULL(v_posts_with_rates.rate1, 0) AS rate1,
	IFNULL(v_posts_with_rates.rate2, 0) AS rate2,
	IFNULL(v_posts_with_rates.rate3, 0) AS rate3,
	IFNULL(v_posts_with_rates.rate4, 0) AS rate4,
	IFNULL(v_posts_with_rates.rate5, 0) AS rate5,
	v_posts_with_reviews.review_count AS review_count
	FROM v_posts_with_users
	INNER JOIN v_posts_with_rates
	ON v_posts_with_users.postId = v_posts_with_rates.postId
	INNER JOIN v_posts_with_reviews
	ON v_posts_with_users.postId = v_posts_with_reviews.postId
	INNER JOIN v_posts_with_comments
	ON v_posts_with_reviews.postId = v_posts_with_comments.postId
	ORDER BY v_posts_with_users.postCreated DESC;
	
CREATE VIEW v_enrol_student_list AS
	SELECT
	ProfGuiderEnrollments.post_id AS post_id,
	ProfGuiderEnrollments.user_id AS user_id,
	Users.first_name AS first_name,
	Users.last_name AS last_name,
	Users.profile_image AS profile_image,
	Users.actor_type AS actor_type
	FROM ProfGuiderEnrollments
	INNER JOIN Users  
	ON ProfGuiderEnrollments.user_id = Users.id;

	
-- new alterations
ALTER TABLE OLQualifiedStudent ADD ol_result_file VARCHAR(255);
ALTER TABLE ALQualifiedStudent ADD al_result_file VARCHAR(255);

-- settings table
CREATE TABLE AdditionalSettings(
	user_id INT,
	is_pri_gen_details_visible INT,
	is_pri_soc_details_visible INT,
	PRIMARY KEY(user_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

-- community
CREATE TABLE Community (
	thread_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
	user_id INT,
	title TEXT NOT NULL,
	body TEXT NOT NULL,
	views INT,
	created_at DATETIME NOT NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
	PRIMARY KEY(thread_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

CREATE TABLE CommunityComments (
	comment_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
	thread_id INT,
	user_id INT,
	content TEXT NOT NULL,
	ups INT,
	downs INT,
	created_at DATETIME NOT NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
	PRIMARY KEY(comment_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(thread_id) REFERENCES Community(thread_id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
	FOREIGN KEY(user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

CREATE TABLE CommunityCommentInteractions (
	comment_interaction_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
	user_id INT,
	comment_id INT,
	comment_interaction VARCHAR(10),
	PRIMARY KEY(comment_interaction_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
	FOREIGN KEY(comment_id) REFERENCES CommunityComments(comment_id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

CREATE VIEW v_community AS
	SELECT 
	Users.id AS user_id,
	Users.profile_image AS profile_image,
	Users.first_name AS first_name,
	Users.last_name AS last_name,
	Users.actor_type AS actor_type,
	Users.specialized_actor_type AS specialized_actor_type,
	Users.status AS status,
	Community.thread_id AS thread_id,
	Community.title AS title,
	Community.body AS body,
	Community.views AS views,
	Community.created_at AS created_at
	FROM Users
	INNER JOIN Community
	ON Users.id = Community.user_id
	ORDER BY Community.created_at DESC;

-- session links
CREATE TABLE SessionLink(
id int NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
post_id int NOT NULL,
date DATE NOT NULL,
time TIME NOT NULL,
body varchar(255) NOT NULL,
PRIMARY KEY(id),
FOREIGN KEY(post_id) REFERENCES Posts(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

-- view for course posts
CREATE VIEW v_posts_courses AS
	SELECT
	v_complete_posts.postId AS post_id,
	v_complete_posts.userId AS private_uni_id,
	v_complete_posts.type AS type,
	v_complete_posts.image AS image,
	v_complete_posts.actor_type AS actor_type,
	v_complete_posts.specialized_actor_type AS specialized_actor_type,
	v_complete_posts.profile_image AS profile_image,
	v_complete_posts.first_name AS first_name,
	v_complete_posts.last_name AS last_name,
	v_complete_posts.status AS status,
	v_complete_posts.postCreated as postCreated,
	v_complete_posts.title AS courseName,
	v_complete_posts.body AS courseContent,
   	PrivateCourses.provide_degree AS provide_degree,
    PrivateCourses.course_fee AS course_fee,
	v_complete_posts.applied AS applied,
	v_complete_posts.capacity AS capacity,
	v_complete_posts.ups AS ups,
	v_complete_posts.downs AS downs,
	v_complete_posts.comment_count AS comment_count,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate1, 0) AS rate1,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate2, 0) AS rate2,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate3, 0) AS rate3,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate4, 0) AS rate4,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate5, 0) AS rate5,
	v_complete_posts.review_count AS review_count
	FROM v_complete_posts
	INNER JOIN PrivateCourses
    ON PrivateCourses.post_id = v_complete_posts.postId;

-- view for notice posts
CREATE VIEW v_posts_notices AS
	SELECT
	v_complete_posts.postId AS post_id,
	v_complete_posts.userId AS private_uni_id,
	v_complete_posts.type AS type,
	v_complete_posts.image AS image,
	v_complete_posts.actor_type AS actor_type,
	v_complete_posts.specialized_actor_type AS specialized_actor_type,
	v_complete_posts.profile_image AS profile_image,
	v_complete_posts.first_name AS first_name,
	v_complete_posts.last_name AS last_name,
	v_complete_posts.status AS status,
	v_complete_posts.postCreated as postCreated,
	IntakeNotices.paid_date AS paid_date,
	v_complete_posts.title AS noticeName,
	v_complete_posts.body AS noticeContent,
	v_complete_posts.applied AS applied,
	v_complete_posts.capacity AS capacity,
	v_complete_posts.ups AS ups,
	v_complete_posts.downs AS downs,
	v_complete_posts.comment_count AS comment_count,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate1, 0) AS rate1,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate2, 0) AS rate2,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate3, 0) AS rate3,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate4, 0) AS rate4,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate5, 0) AS rate5,
	v_complete_posts.review_count AS review_count,
	v_complete_posts.payed AS payed
	FROM v_complete_posts
	INNER JOIN IntakeNotices
    ON IntakeNotices.post_id = v_complete_posts.postId;

-- view for job posts
CREATE VIEW v_posts_jobs AS
	SELECT
	v_complete_posts.postId AS post_id,
	v_complete_posts.userId AS company_id,
	v_complete_posts.type AS type,
	v_complete_posts.image AS image,
	v_complete_posts.actor_type AS actor_type,
	v_complete_posts.specialized_actor_type AS specialized_actor_type,
	v_complete_posts.profile_image AS profile_image,
	v_complete_posts.first_name AS first_name,
	v_complete_posts.last_name AS last_name,
	v_complete_posts.status AS status,
	v_complete_posts.postCreated as postCreated,
	Jobs.paid_date AS paid_date,
	v_complete_posts.title AS jobName,
	v_complete_posts.body AS jobContent,
	v_complete_posts.applied AS applied,
	v_complete_posts.capacity AS capacity,
	v_complete_posts.ups AS ups,
	v_complete_posts.downs AS downs,
	v_complete_posts.comment_count AS comment_count,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate1, 0) AS rate1,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate2, 0) AS rate2,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate3, 0) AS rate3,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate4, 0) AS rate4,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate5, 0) AS rate5,
	v_complete_posts.review_count AS review_count,
	v_complete_posts.payed AS payed
	FROM v_complete_posts
	INNER JOIN Jobs
    ON Jobs.post_id = v_complete_posts.postId;


-- report
CREATE TABLE Report(
	reported_id INT,
	reporter_id INT,
	report VARCHAR(255),
	PRIMARY KEY(reported_id, reporter_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(reported_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
	FOREIGN KEY(reporter_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

-- cv
CREATE TABLE CV(
	cv_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
	user_id INT,
	cv_file_name VARCHAR(255),
	uploaded_at DATETIME NOT NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
	PRIMARY KEY(cv_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

CREATE TABLE CVSentToAPost(
	id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
	post_id INT,
	user_id INT,
	cv_id INT,
	PRIMARY KEY(id),
	FOREIGN KEY(post_id) REFERENCES Posts(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
	FOREIGN KEY(user_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
	FOREIGN KEY(cv_id) REFERENCES CV(cv_id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

-- reviced cv view
CREATE VIEW v_received_cv AS
	SELECT
	CVSentToAPost.post_id AS post_id,
	Users.id AS user_id,
	Users.first_name as first_name,
	Users.last_name as last_name,
	CV.cv_file_name as cv_file_name
	FROM CVSentToAPost INNER JOIN Users
	ON CVSentToAPost.user_id = Users.id
	INNER JOIN CV 
	ON CVSentToAPost.cv_id = CV.cv_id;


-- notificaitons
CREATE TABLE Notifications (
	notification_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
	sender_id INT,
	receiver_id INT,
	notification VARCHAR(255),
	send_at DATETIME NOT NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
	PRIMARY KEY(notification_id),                                            
	FOREIGN KEY(sender_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
	FOREIGN KEY(receiver_id) REFERENCES Users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);


CREATE VIEW v_posts_link AS
	SELECT
	Posts.id AS post_id,
	Users.id AS user_id,
	Posts.title AS title,
	SessionLink.date AS date,
	SessionLink.time AS time,
	SessionLink.body AS body
	FROM Posts INNER JOIN Users
	ON Posts.user_id = Users.id
	INNER JOIN SessionLink 
	ON Posts.id = SessionLink.post_id;

CREATE TABLE Banner(
	banner_id INT,
	session_fee DECIMAL(15,2),
	PRIMARY KEY(banner_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(banner_id) REFERENCES Posts(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

CREATE TABLE Poster(
	poster_id INT,
	session_fee DECIMAL(15,2),
	PRIMARY KEY(poster_id),
	FOREIGN KEY(poster_id) REFERENCES Posts(id) ON DELETE CASCADE
);

CREATE VIEW v_posts_banners AS
	SELECT
	v_complete_posts.postId AS post_id,
	v_complete_posts.userId AS userId,
	v_complete_posts.type AS type,
	v_complete_posts.image AS image,
	v_complete_posts.actor_type AS actor_type,
	v_complete_posts.specialized_actor_type AS specialized_actor_type,
	v_complete_posts.profile_image AS profile_image,
	v_complete_posts.first_name AS first_name,
	v_complete_posts.last_name AS last_name,
	v_complete_posts.status AS status,
	v_complete_posts.postCreated as postCreated,
	v_complete_posts.title AS title,
	v_complete_posts.body AS body,
	v_complete_posts.applied AS applied,
	v_complete_posts.capacity AS capacity,
	Banner.session_fee AS session_fee,
	v_complete_posts.ups AS ups,
	v_complete_posts.downs AS downs,
	v_complete_posts.comment_count AS comment_count,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate1, 0) AS rate1,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate2, 0) AS rate2,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate3, 0) AS rate3,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate4, 0) AS rate4,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate5, 0) AS rate5,
	v_complete_posts.review_count AS review_count,
	v_complete_posts.payed AS payed
	FROM v_complete_posts
	INNER JOIN Banner
    ON Banner.banner_id = v_complete_posts.postId;

CREATE VIEW v_posts_posters AS
	SELECT
	v_complete_posts.postId AS post_id,
	v_complete_posts.userId AS userId,
	v_complete_posts.type AS type,
	v_complete_posts.image AS image,
	v_complete_posts.actor_type AS actor_type,
	v_complete_posts.specialized_actor_type AS specialized_actor_type,
	v_complete_posts.profile_image AS profile_image,
	v_complete_posts.first_name AS first_name,
	v_complete_posts.last_name AS last_name,
	v_complete_posts.status AS status,
	v_complete_posts.postCreated as postCreated,
	v_complete_posts.title AS title,
	v_complete_posts.body AS body,
	v_complete_posts.applied AS applied,
	v_complete_posts.capacity AS capacity,
	Poster.session_fee AS session_fee,
	v_complete_posts.ups AS ups,
	v_complete_posts.downs AS downs,
	v_complete_posts.comment_count AS comment_count,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate1, 0) AS rate1,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate2, 0) AS rate2,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate3, 0) AS rate3,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate4, 0) AS rate4,
	IFNULL(v_complete_posts.rate5, 0) AS rate5,
	v_complete_posts.review_count AS review_count,
	v_complete_posts.payed AS payed
	FROM v_complete_posts
	INNER JOIN Poster
    ON Poster.poster_id = v_complete_posts.postId;

CREATE TABLE Transactions (
  transaction_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
  post_id INT,
  user_id INT,
  amount INT,
  PRIMARY KEY(transaction_id)
);

CREATE VIEW v_posts_transactions AS
	SELECT
	Transactions.transaction_id AS transaction_id,
	Transactions.post_id AS post_id,
	Transactions.user_id AS user_id,
	v_complete_posts.type AS type,
	v_complete_posts.first_name AS first_name,
	v_complete_posts.last_name AS last_name,
	v_complete_posts.actor_type AS actor_type,
	v_complete_posts.specialized_actor_type AS specialized_actor_type,
	Transactions.amount AS amount
	FROM Transactions
	INNER JOIN v_complete_posts
	ON Transactions.post_id = v_complete_posts.postId
