--Student--

Whiz provides variety of functionalities for all the type of students. To get started, all you have to do is register as a student in
Whiz. All the students will be considered as beginners once they registered. You can upgrade your profile at any time by providing
necessary details and documents. The services we provide within our system may differ based on the student type. You can follow other 
students, companies, private universities, professional guiders and teachers.
So start with Whiz today...

--Beginner--
Once you registered as a student, you will be directed to the beginner dashboard. The students who have not taken GCD Oridinery Level
(O/L) exam yet will be considered under the beginner category. 

If you have already completed your O/L exams and got your results, you can upgrade your profile to O/L qualified student.
To upgrade as O/L qualified student, you need to provide your O/L exam results along with a scanned copy of your results sheet.

The beginner options are,

Streams : By choosing Streams option, you can view Advanced Level streams which you can select for your A/Ls. By clicking on a stream
          you can see the subjects which you can do and also can have a idea on what are the availbale subject
          combinations by selecting that stream. Not only the subject combinations, but also you can view the university courses availbale
          for that subject combinations along with the universities.
          In order to recommend stream, you need to upgrade as an O/L qualified student.
Courses : By choosing Courses option, you can explore about all the degree courses provide by both government and private universities.
Jobs    : You can view job advertisements published by companies by choosing Jobs option.
Professional Guiders : By choosing Professional Guiders option, you can enrol,comment,review guider sessions.
Community : 

To upgrade as O/L completed student, you need to provide your O/L exam results along with a scanned copy of your results sheet.

--O/L Qualified--

If you have already completed your A/L exams and got your results, you can upgrade your profile to A/L qualified student.
To upgrade as A/L qualified student, you need to provide your A/L exam results along with a scanned copy of your results sheet.

The O/L Qualified options are,

Streams : By choosing Streams option, you can view Advanced Level streams which you can select for your A/Ls. By clicking on a stream
          you can see the subjects which you can do and also can have a idea on what are the availbale subject
          combinations by selecting that stream.
          Recommend stream option will recommend you an A/L stream based on your O/L results.
          Other than the subject combinations, you can view the university courses availbale for that subject combinations 
          along with the universities.
          
Courses : By choosing Courses option, you can explore about all the degree courses provide by both government and private universities.
          In order to show your government courses, you need to upgrade as an A/L qualified student.
Jobs    : You can view job advertisements published by companies by choosing Jobs option.
Professional Guiders : By choosing Professional Guiders option, you can enrol,comment,review guider sessions.
Community : 

--A/L Qualified--

If you are already an undergraduate/gradute you can upgrade your profile to undergraduate/gradute student.
To upgrade, you need to provide your university and degree details.

The A/L Qualified options are,

Courses : By choosing Courses option, you can explore about all the degree courses provide by both government and private universities.
          By selecting "show my government courses", you can view all the government university degree course offerings under your A/L.
          If you select "Recommend Government Courses", all the applicable government degree courses will be list down considering your
          A/L results and Z-score according to the previous year cutoff marks.
Jobs    : You can view job advertisements published by companies by choosing Jobs option.
Professional Guiders : By choosing Professional Guiders option, you can enrol,comment,review guider sessions.
Teachers  : You can view posters published by teachers who conduct pre-university classes. Enrol,comment and review options are availbale
            in here as well.
Community :

--Undergraduate/Graduate--

The Undergraduate/Graduate options are,

Jobs    : You can view job advertisements published by companies by choosing Jobs option.
My CV   : By filling your skill levels and experience you can generate CV to apply for your jobs. This CV may contain your
          O/L results, A/L results and university details as well. Also, you can upload a custom CV as prefered.
Professional Guiders : By choosing Professional Guiders option, you can enrol,comment,review guider sessions.



--Organization--

Companies or private universities can register on Whiz under organization category.

--Companies--
Companies can publish their job advertisements to recruit employees. When publishing job advertisements companies may ask to pay
posting fee to Whiz. People can send their CVs to ypur company through Whiz as well.


--Private Universities--
Private universities can publish advertisements on their course offerings and intake notices. They may ask to pay posting fee to Whiz
when posting advertisements.



--Mentors--
Professional guiders and teachers are the two categories under mentor. If someone conducts sessions on pre-university classes of 
A/L completed students, they should register as a teacher.

--Professional guiders--
Professional guiders can publish banners on their sessions to Whiz by paying postting fee to Whiz. Banners can edit or delete 
as you wish. Then students can get enroll with your published banners and you can view the enrollment list of students as well.
Session links can be upload to Whiz as well. Payments from students for the sessions need to be  collect externally.

--Teachers--
Teachers can publish posters on their pre-university classes to Whiz by paying postting fee to Whiz. Psters can edit or delete 
as you wish.Then A/L completed students who wish to enter universities can get enroll with your published posters and you can view 
the enrollment list of students as well. Session links can be upload to Whiz as well. Payments from students for the classes need 
to be collect externally.
